36059185:::::Intimacy On The Plate : 209 Aphrodisiac Recipes to Spice Up Your Love Life at Home Tonight:::::Intimacy On The Plate: Extra Trim Edition contains the same 200+ elegant, erotic recipes as the original, but has been reformatted for a smaller size and lower price. Snack on the convenience of the new smaller trim size, or indulge in the colorful, picturesque body of the original coffee table book. Every couple knows that the key to a harmonious home is a healthy love life, but keeping your time in bed spicy isn t enough you need to turn to the kitchen and amp up the flavor. Olga Petrenko is a housewife who dedicated years of her life to crafting original dishes that combine tradition with innovation, creating new tastes that everyone can enjoy. In the process, she discovered something new: by applying scientific research to her recipes and by using the correct ingredients, all meals had the potential to be the perfect aphrodisiac. After a decade of hard work and experimentation, she finally had an extensive collection of recipes designed to make every bite erotic - Intimacy On The Plate: 200+ Aphrodisiac Recipes to Spice Up Your Love Life at Home Tonight Every dish in this erotic cookbook pays as much attention to presentation as to flavor and science. If you want to create the right mood for your loved one, you need to feed the eyes before you feed the stomach. Olga has worked hard to make every sensual meal beautiful and visually appetizing so that you and your partner will feel the food love before you even sit down to eat. Within these pages, you ll find 200+ healthy, easy-to-cook recipes known around the world to contribute to sexual desire. Using a wide range of ingredients, including dozens of types of vegetables, mushrooms, fish, seafood, fruits, nuts, herbs, and spices, you and your partner will experience the full range of erotic properties the world of food has to offer. You ll never run out of new and exciting places to take your meals. From appetizers to main courses, to side dishes, beverages, and desserts, you ll always have something scintillating to offer up on date night. Intimacy On The Plate contents ordered by main ingredient: Section I: Vegetables, Mushrooms, Potherbs, &amp; Seasonings Section II: Fish Section III: Seafood Section IV: Nuts Section V: Fruits Section VI: Chocolate Section VII: Love Potions, Hot Drinks, and Spicy Teas
