9507278:::::The Complete Works of Edgar Allan Poe:::::At last, America s Master Storyteller joins the ranks of Delphi Classics scholarly collections. This is the COMPLETE WORKS of the great literary giant Edgar Allan Poe. Why buy any other Kindle version, which will have texts missing? This is the only eBook available with every tale - even the very rare ones - poem, essay, letter and much, much more! Now you can truly own Poe s immense and diverse works on your Kindle. The eBook also includes a front no-nonsense table of contents to allow easy navigation around Poe oeuvre. With this eBook you will need no other text of Edgar Allan Poe - this is the definitive Kindle Edition of the great writer s work. Features: *Many images relating to Poe, his life and works. *Annotated introductions to many of the works, giving valuable contextual information. *The COMPLETE poetry, with special chronological and alphabetical contents tables find that special poem quickly! *The COMPLETE tales, with chronological and alphabetical contents tables. *Brief but informative introductions to poems, tales and other texts. *Images of how the books first appeared, giving your kindle a taste of the original texts. *Poe s rare unfinished play POLITIAN. *BOTH of Poe s novels, including the rare unfinished novel THE JOURNAL OF JULIUS RODMAN, with contents tables. *Many short stories and poems are presented with their original illustrations. *INCLUDES the complete letters - spend hours perusing Poe's personal correspondence! *The letters have separate tables to help you find which ever letter you want easily - want to read what Dickens wrote to Poe? Then simply click on Dickens' name! *Scholarly ordering of texts into chronological order and literary genres *Rare essays. *Four biographical works exploring Poe's mysterious life, including the infamous memoir by Griswold. *Criticism section, featuring essays by other famous writers examining Poe's contribution to literature. *UPDATED with Poe's contributions to THE CONCHOLOGIST'S FIRST BOOK
