2120783:::::The Post-American World:::::Zakaria . . . may have more intellectual range and insights than any other public thinker in the West. ?Boston Sunday Globe "This is not a book about the decline of America, but rather about the rise of everyone else." So begins Fareed Zakaria's blockbusting bestseller on the United States in the twenty-first century. How can Americans understand this rapidly changing international climate, and how might the nation continue to thrive in a truly global era? Zakaria answers these questions with his customary lucidity, insight, and imagination. Book Description "This is not a book about the decline of America, but rather about the rise of everyone else." So begins Fareed Zakaria's important new work on the era we are now entering. Following on the success of his best-selling The Future of Freedom, Zakaria describes with equal prescience a world in which the United States will no longer dominate the global economy, orchestrate geopolitics, or overwhelm cultures. He sees the "rise of the rest"?the growth of countries like China, India, Brazil, Russia, and many others?as the great story of our time, and one that will reshape the world. The tallest buildings, biggest dams, largest-selling movies, and most advanced cell phones are all being built outside the United States. This economic growth is producing political confidence, national pride, and potentially international problems. How should the United States understand and thrive in this rapidly changing international climate? What does it mean to live in a truly global era? Zakaria answers these questions with his customary lucidity, insight, and imagination. Thomas Friedman and Fareed Zakaria: Author One-to-One Fareed Zakaria: Your book is about two things, the climate crisis and also about an American crisis. Why do you link the two?? Thomas Friedman: You're absolutely right--it is about two things. The book says, America has a problem and the world has a problem. The world's problem is that it's getting hot, flat
