36376125:::::Still Anonymous:::::Jerry and Holly and Jeff and Jade are back in this rollicking sequel to the bestselling thriller, The Anonymous Man, in which Jerry s death was faked to collect on a $4 million life and insurance policy from Global Life and Casualty Insurance. When Holly and Jeff are released from long prison sentences after their convictions for murdering Jerry are reversed on a legal technicality, Jerry rightly fears that they ll promptly come after him to retrieve what s left of the Global insurance money and obtain revenge for framing them. Jerry hires former Global investigator, Jack Fox, to follow them and his fears are soon realized when Fox finds that Holly and Jeff have hired fugitive hunter, former US Marshal, Pete Sharkey, to find him. When Sharkey s relentless digging in Binghamton nearly results in Jerry s capture at his hide-out near Disney World, Jerry decides that he must take matters into his own hands. He comes up to Buffalo and, with Fox s help, embarks on a plan to stop Holly and Jeff, as well as Pete Sharkey, from ever finding him again. But in doing so, Jerry may have to give up his role as the Anonymous Man, the real-life superhero of his comic books. As Jerry and Fox s plan is put into action, it becomes clear that something is amiss. The result is a thrilling climax with even more unexpected twists and turns and double-crosses that leave open the question as to whether Jerry will be captured, killed, or succeed in returning as the Anonymous Man? Still Anonymous promises to continue the excitement of The Anonymous Man! Praise for the bestselling The Anonymous Man: "The Anonymous Man gets decent marks for creativity and intricacy...it's a fast read that runs through familiar local settings to a satisfying conclusion...Scarsella has the makings of a good storyteller...he and [Jack] Fox could go places." - The Buffalo News Writer Vincent Scarsella is a tricky guy. If he disappears one day nobody will ever find him. I know this, how? The Anonymous Man is a handy guide to absconding with a ton of loot and rebooting your present mundane existence. Couple things, though. Don't attend your own funeral. And make sure you really, really trust your wife and best friend." - Rusty Clark "The book starts with Jerry observing his own funeral and then goes back to tell the preceding events. What follows twists and turns with an investigator hot on their heels - I don't want to ruin the story but would highly recommend this book and will look out for this author in the future." - Kay Bagridge.
