6623879:::::Horrid Henry and the Soccer Fiend:::::DISCOVER THE SERIES BOYS AND GIRLS AROUND THE WORLD LOVE TO READ! Horrid Henry reads Perfect Peter's diary and improves it; goes shopping with Mom and tries to make her buy him some really nice new sneakers; is horrified when his old enemy Bossy Bill turns up at school; and tries, by any means, to win the class soccer match and defeat Moody Margaret. Francesca Simon is one of the world's best-loved children's authors. She is the only American to have ever won the Galaxy Book Award, and her creation, Horrid Henry, is the #1 bestselling chapter book series in the UK--with a hit TV show and over fifteen million copies sold! Each book contains four easy-to-read stories and hilarious illustrations by the one and only Tony Ross, so even the most reluctant of readers won't be able to resist Henry's amazing talent for trouble! PRAISE FOR HORRID HENRY "Henry's over-the-top behavior, the characters' snappy dialogue, an d Ross's hyperbolic line art w ill engage even the mo st reluctant readers." Publishers Weekly "Like Dennis the Menace and Curious George, Horrid Henry is either finding trouble or creating it, and the kids are crazy about his antics." Meredith Smith, grade school teacher, DolceBellezza.blogspot.com "Kids will love reading the laugh-out-loud funny stories about someone whose behavior is even worse than their own." School Library Journal "Will make you laugh out loud." Sunday Times "Why Horrid Henry?" Kids love it! "I love the Horrid Henry books by Francesca Simon. They have lots of funny bits in. And Henry always gets into trouble!" "Mia, age 6, BBC Learning is Fun" "It's easy to see why Horrid Henry is the bestselling character for 5-8 year olds." "Liverpool Echo" Because it's funny "My two boys love this book and I have actually had tears running down my face and had to stop reading because of laughing so hard. My oldest son is rereading all the books in this series on his own now and he still loves them. Happy reading!" " T. Franklin, Parent" "A modern comic classic." "SF Said, Guardian Children's Books Supplement " Kids get to be harmlessly rebellious "Henry is a beguiling hero who has entranced millions of reluctant readers... little rebels will love this collection and even little angels will be secretly thrilled by Henry's anti-heroic behaviour." "Herald" Henry's naughtiness is a yardstick against which children can get a sense of their own moral goodness and social justice "What is brilliant about the books is that Henry never does anything that is subversive. She creates an aura of supreme naughtiness (of which children are in awe) but points out that he operates within a safe and secure world." "Emily Turner, Angels And Urchins Magazine" Reaches the most important age group - children who are learning to read "I have tried out the Horrid Henry books with groups of children as a parent, as a babysitter, and as a teacher. Children love to either hear them read aloud or to read them themselves. The books are spot on for the 5-8 age range and are fun for the adults who share them too." "Danielle Hall, Teacher" The structure provides new readers with a real sense of accomplishment "My son is 7 years old and a big Horrid Henry fan. This book lived up to his expectations! Horrid Henry is like most boys: he always has a plan and is always getting into mischief! It was amusing, and he could not put it down. Can't wait for the next. He read it cover to cover by himself in 2 days! That for me sells a book! He can't wait for the next one to be published. He has recommended it to all his friends." "Mrs. Tami Gold, Parent" Reaches both boys and girls equally "Wonderfully appealing to girls and boys alike, a precious rarity at this age." "Judith Woods, Times Books" A global publishing phenomenon with 12 million copies sold! "WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING ABOUT HORRID HENRY: " "Parents reading them aloud may be consoled to discover that Henry can always be relied upon to behave worse than any of their own offspring." Independent "An absolutely fantastic series and surely a winner with all children. My son took this book as his favourite during book week at his school and converted a few children to the cause. Long live Francesca Simon and her brilliant books! More, more please!" "My 5-year-old adores them so much he couldn't wait to start reading because of them." "I really like Horrid Henry and like reading it to my dad. It's funny!" Matthew, 9, St. Albans "Horrid Henry is a fabulous anti-hero: monstrously selfish and greedy, he does things most children only dream about... a modern comic classic." The Guardian "My 6-year-old son has now read the whole series unaided and is quite content to re-read the stories again and again. My 5-year-old is dying to be able to read well enough so she can read them independently too!" "Henry is really naughty and makes me laugh. He's very funny and he has lots of adventures." Martha, age 5, Bella "A flicker of recognition must pass through most teachers and parents when they read Horrid Henry. There's a tiny bit of him in all of us." Child Education "It didn't even make it to the library shelves and there's a long waiting list for it! Enough said." Nancy Astee, Child Education "A definite must for every teacher - reading about Henry makes your naughtiest child seem like a saint!" "As a teacher of 8-year-olds, it's great to get a series of books my class love... They torment me to lend them the books so they can read them on their own. Need I say more?"
