12924326:::::Tiger Lily:::::4 Starred Reviews! Guided by fragile, insect size faerie Tink, readers are drawn into this richly re imagined Neverland. Working with the darker threads of Barrie s bittersweet classic, Anderson weaves an enchanting tale. Kirkus Reviews (starred review) The mythology of Neverland is eloquently woven into the story, and characters are reborn in fascinating ways [and] Readers will find it hard to resist being drawn into Tiger Lily s world, where dangers and emotions are painted several shades darker than in J.M. Barrie s classic fantasy. Publishers Weekly (starred review) Tiger Lily has been reinvented with a complex backstory, giving her a credible source of deep strength and dark emotion. School Library Journal (starred review) Unlike other sequels and revisions of Peter Pan, this is serious and moving; indeed, it stands up to comparison with Terry Pratchett s Nation in its emotional intensity and ideological concerns. Bulletin of the Center for Children's Books (starred review) In this stunning re-imagining of J. M. Barrie's beloved classic Peter Pan , New York Times bestselling author Jodi Lynn Anderson expertly weaves a gripping tale of love, loss, and adventure. Before Peter Pan belonged to Wendy, he belonged to the girl with the crow feather in her hair Tiger Lily. When fifteen-year-old Tiger Lily meets the alluring teenage Peter Pan deep in the forbidden woods of Neverland, the two form a bond that's impossible to break, but also impossible to hold on to. As the leader of the Lost Boys, the most fearsome of Neverland's inhabitants, Peter is an unthinkable match for Tiger Lily. However, when Wendy Darling, a girl who is everything Tiger Lily is not, arrives on the island, Tiger Lily discovers how far she is willing to go to keep Peter with her, and in Neverland. Told from the perspective of tiny, fairy-sized Tinkerbell, Tiger Lily is the breathtaking story of budding romance, letting go and the pains of growing up. Supports the Common Core State Standards
