9379496:::::From Failure to Promise: An Uncommon Path to Professoriate:::::At a time when young adults need inspiration the most due to adversity, peer-pressure, and loss of direction "From Failure to Promise" -- author Dr. Cleamon Moorer shares insights, experiences, and a miraculous story of how God can transform the real you into the ideal you. Dr. Moorer tells about his journey from being a college flunk-out to becoming an engineer and ultimately a university professor. He exposes the realities of how many of the downtrodden are pushed to the brink of either surrender to the power of God or to a resistance and rejection of promise. Dr. Moorer takes readers on a faith journey from his adolescence in Detroit Public Schools to academic failure on the collegiate level and through other turbulent tracks on the way to becoming a university professor. This story of one young man's journey will serve as a compass for those who are in pursuit of success. He shares relative scriptures, skills, and strategies pertinent to overcoming failure. So many of us have experienced traumatizing failure and have struggled to find the strength and courage to stand and try again. Then there are those of us who fear failure and self-limit our potential to pursue what seems to be the impossible. But, the voice of God steadily calls for us to trust, follow, and obey. On a daily occasion you may find yourself wondering, how can I get to the top? Will I ever be who and what I want to be? Does God really want me to be in a position of power and authority? Whether you are beginning to pursue your dreams or facing seemingly insurmountable circumstances, you will need to understand how adversity, strife, and tribulation can bring you into alignment with God's will for your life to ultimately experience and realize great triumph. Readers will come away with a renewed inspiration and a guide to transformation through the renewal of mind, body, and spirit. This book will reassure readers that trouble and trials are often necessary for the fulfillment of great promise.
