8124176:::::Play Their Hearts Out: A Coach, His Star Recruit, and the Youth Basketball Machine:::::Eight years of unfettered access, a keen sense of a story s deepest truths, and a genuine compassion for his subject allow Pulitzer Prize winning journalist George Dohrmann to take readers inside the machine that produces America s basketball stars. Hoop dreams aren t just for players. The fever that grips college basketball prospects hoping to strike big-time NBA gold afflicts coaches, parents, and sneaker executives as well. Every one of them has a stake in keeping America s wildly dysfunctional, incredibly lucrative youth basketball machine up and running no matter the consequences. In Play Their Hearts Out , George Dohrmann offers an up-close and unforgettable look inside the maw of that machine. He shares what he learned from his years spent embedded with a group of talented young recruits from Southern California as they traveled the country playing in elite Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) events. It s a cutthroat world where boys as young as eight or nine are subjected to a dizzying torrent of scrutiny and exploitation. Coaches vie to have them on their teams. Sneaker companies ply them with free shoes and gear. All-star camps are glorified cattle auctions, providing make-or-break opportunities to secure the promise of an elusive college scholarship. At the book s heart are the personal stories of two compelling figures: Joe Keller, an ambitious AAU coach with a master plan to find and promote the next LeBron thereby paving his own path to power and riches; and Demetrius Walker, a fatherless latchkey kid who falls under Keller s sway and struggles to live up to the unrealistic expectations his supposed benefactor has set for him. As their fortunes take shape and the pressure mounts Demetrius finds himself profiled in Sports Illustrated at age fourteen, while Keller cultivates his business empire Dohrmann weaves in the stories of numerous other parents, coaches, and players. Some of them see their prospects evaporate as a result of poor decisions and worse luck. Others learn how to thrive in a corrupt system by playing the right angles. Written with incomparable detail and insight, Play Their Hearts Out is a thoroughly unique narrative that reveals the inner workings of an American game, exposing the gritty reality that lies beneath so many dreams of fame and glory.
