13522957:::::Feral Sins:::::If your inner wolf and your body react rather enthusiastically to a psychotic Alpha male who s own wolf has a tendency to turn feral, it can t be a good thing, can it? Entering into a bargain with him wouldn t be good either. Unfortunately, Taryn Warner, a latent wolf shifter, doesn t have many options open to her right now. Okay, she has no options. Basically it comes down to whether she ll do what it takes to escape the arranged mating with the sick SOB that her father set up. As the answer in this case is yes, it looks as though she ll have to agree to Trey Coleman s deal she ll have to mate with him instead. Having always disliked shifter politics, Trey Coleman hadn t bothered trying to form alliances with other packs. Now that his uncle a wolf with many alliances means to take Trey s territory and his pack, he has no option but to form some alliances of his own very quickly or he ll be easily outnumbered in the upcoming battle. He figures that the easiest way to do that would be to mate with a female whose Alpha is powerful and influential. There s only one problem with that he would then be stuck with her, and the last thing Trey wants is a mate. When he hears of Taryn s situation, he offers her a deal if she falsely claims he s her true mate and allows him to claim her, he ll save her from her arranged mating and then let her leave after the battle with his uncle is over. Sounds like a pretty straightforward deal...but soon Taryn and Trey realize they got more than they bargained for. Their mating instincts to protect and possess are weighing on them, they crave each other s touch and company, and their inner wolves don t like it whenever they re apart. Add in that they ll have to deal with this for an entire three months until the day of the battle finally arrives, and they ve got themselves a recipe for disaster or maybe for something quite the opposite. Warning : This novel contains an extremely sarcastic Alpha female, a broody possessive Alpha male, bitter in-laws, voyeuristic enforcers, a whole lot of dirty talk, and steamy bedroom battles for dominance. Reader Advisory: This book also contains a graphic m nage scene - not for the faint-hearted.
