2383159:::::Red Sox Century: The Definitive History of the World's Most Storied Franchise:::::The definitive one-volume history of the most fascinating franchise in baseball For a century now, the Boston Red Sox have meant many different things to many different people, eliciting elation, frustration, nostalgia, nausea, confidence, anger, bewilderment, love, and loss, often all at once. But no matter the ups and downs, in their long, storied history the Red Sox have always managed to provide us with one thing that is certain -- they are the most interesting team ever to have taken the field. RED SOX CENTURY: ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF RED SOX BASEBALL tells the Red Sox story in its entirety for the first time, from the team's inception in 1901 and its early peak in 1918, when it won its fifth and last World Series; through the glory years, which saw the rise of such greats as Cy Young, Babe Ruth, Teddy Ballgame, and Yaz and which witnessed the "Impossible Dream" of 1967 and near misses in 1975 and 1986; to the present, when the Sox are still chasing that elusive sixth world championship -- a championship that fate seems not to want them to have. In these pages, many a Red Sox myth is debunked, and many stories are told for the first time. Did the Red Sox fix the first World Series game ever played? What is the truth about Babe Ruth and Harry Frazee? Did Johnny Pesky hold the ball? Does Fenway Park have a future? Will the Red Sox ever win a World Series again? Drawn from countless interviews and tireless research and illustrated with more than two hundred photographs, many never seen before, RED SOX CENTURY is far more than a picture book. Glenn Stout and Richard A. Johnson have written a gripping narrative history, filled with details so vivid and accurate and irony so sharp that you think you can't possibly bear to relive some of those past moments (but you're a Sox fan, so of course you do). Your season ticket to one hundred years of thrilling baseball, Red Sox Century is a comprehensive and always colorful history of a team that helped to define not only its city but its sport.
