17925553:::::Wild Chase:::::"Music is a Moral Law, It Gives Soul to the Universe"- Plato Sometimes it doesn't matter how long you know a person. The effect they can have on you can happen after four seconds or four years. In Chase Taylor's case - it's both. Avery McGuire doesn't just flip on a light inside of her - he sets a blaze to everything holding her back. After only a week together, he has to leave, but he strikes a match before walking away that won't easily burn out. Four years later, Chase finds herself face to face with the boy -now rock star - who changed everything. The same one she still can't admit to falling head over heels in love with. She has no idea that her world is about to get rocked, in more ways than one. {Romance, Love Triangle, Drama} Excerpt from the Author- "Do you want to come in for a little bit?" He looked a little surprised, but nodded. "As long as you say it s ok, of course I d like to." We went inside and I showed him around quickly, not wasting our time on a tour. When we reached my bedroom, I thought his jaw was going to drag the floor. "This is your room? he asked with an odd sternness to his voice. Watching him survey the four walls, I nodded. He turned to me, his face completely disconcerted, and pointed at the entrance. Chase, there's no door!" I shrugged. I hadn't thought this far through when I invited him in. "Privacy is for adults, I am not an adult yet," I replied in a mocking tone, trying to laugh it off. I looked up at him as he gave me a sad, almost torn look. "There isn't an ounce of color in here, no door, nothing. Add bars and it might as well be a jail cell. This can't seriously be how you live every day," he spoke almost angrily. I wanted to feel defensive. How dare he act like my life is like a prison, but, the truth was, I had felt that way for so long that I couldn't argue. I felt his strong hands on either side of my face as he tilted my head up. I stared up into those stormy eyes and braced myself. He was about to wreck me again. "I know we haven't known each other long, but seriously, Chase, there's so much more to you than this," he said waving his hands around my room and gritting his teeth out of anger. I don't know if it was the repressed thought of this being the last time I would see him or touch him suddenly surfacing, or the way he was already fighting for me, a girl he barely knew, but something inside of me broke. The innocent nature of my feelings towards him crumbled. My hesitation melted away as I stepped closer and with both hands I grabbed onto his shirt. The urge to touch him and kiss him completely overwhelmed me, and it must have been on his mind too because in an instant his hands were cupping my face and his lips were on mine.
