23307971:::::Making Friends with Anxiety:::::A warm and supportive little book to help ease worry and panic by bestselling author Sarah Rayner. Drawing on her own experience of anxiety disorder and recovery, Sarah Rayner shares her insights into this extremely common and often distressing condition with compassion and humour. She reveals the seven elements that commonly contribute to anxiety including adrenaline, negative thinking and fear of the future, and explains what causes worry and panic to become such a problem for many of us. Packed with tips, exercises and anecdotes from the author s life, this companion to mental good health reads like a chat with a friend. It shows that an understanding of the way our minds and bodies work together can provide anxiety relief and restore our sense of confidence and control. If you suffer from panic attacks, a debilitating disorder or just want to reduce the amount of time you spend worrying, Making Friends with Anxiety will allow you to manage your own condition and see anxiety as a friend not foe. * From the author of the international bestseller, One Moment, One Morning and its follow-up, the recently published Another Night, Another Day * Draws on the techniques of Mindfulness-based Cognitive Therapy * Includes beautiful photographs by the author to lift the spirit * Useful links throughout, plus details of helplines and recommended reads * Ongoing online support group available 'This is a great book: readable, practical and, most importantly, compassionate. Sarah Rayner gives a clear explanation of the common symptoms of anxiety and panic that affect so many lives. She then goes on to give sound advice as to how to cope with these ongoing feelings. This entails a series of strategies that encourage understanding of the anxiety rather than its suppression, aiming to give control of these complex emotions back to the patient. It s impressive that she admits to her own anxiety issues, and without embarrassment shows how they have affected her life, how she has sought help over the years, and how she continues to deal with them. The fact she has written this book shows how well she has embraced her demons, able to get on with her own creative life. I will be recommending this book to my patients.' Dr P Fitzgerald, GP
