32858967:::::Monarch:::::If you lost your body to science and your creator rejects you, do you even stand a chance at living? An innocent family is slain, a new body is mutilated and the Virginia Corp. opens a contract with a nefarious organization known as Monarch Enterprises to have Savannah executed. Savannah s railings against the moral deficiencies of the Virginia Corp. make her a target for assassination, a realization that leads her to something far worse than even she could imagine: the horrifying truth about her body and what Dr. Gerhard really did to it. To preserve their anonymity, Savannah and her father rid themselves of the Van Duyn namesake. Savannah s body however the thing she treasures most is being systematically eviscerated while Gerhard refuses to fix her. Desperate to survive, her body swiftly decomposing, Savannah leans on skills she learned from Astor when blackmailing Gerhard, a sadist who closely resembles the infamous war criminal and deceased Auschwitz death camp doctor, Josef Mengele. If she survives Gerhard and returns to Astor, Savannah will neither look the same nor carry the same name. How will she find her friends if everyone changed everything about themselves? For this mystery within a mystery, our heroine enlists the help of smart-ass hacker turned bad boy, Brayden James. In Swann series fashion, things are not as they seem. Ideals are challenged, victims become bullies and one life may be lost forever. However, through intellect, determination and the perseverance of friendship, Savannah and her friends continue to evolve, bringing to light a most poignant of truths: we are who we decide to be, but that doesn t guarantee our survival. Due to mature content, Monarch is recommended for ages 15 and up. INTERVIEW WITH THE AUTHOR Q How do I get Vannie, The Swann series prequel, when it s not listed on Amazon? A Inside Monarch or at the author s website, you ll find a link to download the FREE prequel. Vannie is an engaging read, a 47 page novella that can be enjoyed in a single sitting before or after Monarch , although you ll probably like the series even more if you start with Vannie. Q What makes the Swann series special? A I remember devouring the Harry Potter books thinking there was always something thrilling about each new adventure. The kinds of literary highs these stories inspire produce a feeling like no other! We ve seen vampires, werewolves, angels, demons and tales from the dystopian future; I desperately wanted to tap into the next evolution of the young adult fiction genre! From this mindset, the Swann series was born Q What order should I read the books in? A The books are meant to be read in the following order: Vannie Swann Monarch Clone Masochist Weapon Raven Abomination Q Why should readers give the serie
