8108609:::::I Am Another You: A Journey to Powerful Breakthroughs:::::I Am Another You is a story of breakthroughs. Powerful, Life changing breakthroughs. You start this journey with the author, years ago trying to escape from a world that did not feel right. You travel with her in this magical journey to the Netherlands, where she learns the greatest lessons of her life by taking part in some amazing processes in the tradition of the ancient spiritual masters and healders who help her realize that the only place where wrong is 'rightened' is within. There is nothing wrong with the world outside if we sort out the world inside. There are some stories that everyone relates to, because they involve you through thoughts and feelings that are universal, this is such a story. A life purpose for example is something each of us is looking for. A desire to achieve more from life and live at a higher self, is something everyone wants. A spiritual inclination to seek deeper, beyond material fulfillment each of us pursues sooner or later. There are numerous places in the book where you find yourself stopping, drawing paralles to your own life and finding answers. In an honest narrative extracted from real life experience, the book takes you through struggle, overcoming and victory over self. The book deals with breakthroughs that can be used by anyone to achieve personal success in the true sense of the word. Priya, who is a corporate trainer by profession, weaves learnings into each chapter, subtly, observing the meaning behind every experience, pointing it out to the reader without being obvious and leading you to think and find meaning and purpose in your own life situation as it is now and where you desire to take it from here. A book of many lessons, many insights and many truths, it has the power to awaken you to your best self. This book will urge you to take that path you always knew was right but never had the courage to follow. It will guide you, humour you, inspire you, touch you and above all lead you to your life's calling.
