15768638:::::Forever Bound:::::FOREVER BOUND includes the following four best-selling titles by Cynthia Eden: BOUND BY BLOOD BOUND IN DARKNESS BOUND IN SIN BOUND BY THE NIGHT Word Count: 90,000 The BOUND stories are dark and sexy tales of paranormal romance. Vampires and werewolves must trust each other in these stories--their lives are on the line, and so are their hearts. BOUND BY BLOOD Vampires and werewolves have been blood enemies for centuries, but now a new threat is rising...demons are escaping from hell and those demons are intent on wiping out both the vamps and the werewolves. In order to stop the demons, pureblood vampire princess Morgan LaBeaux agrees to the treaty offered by werewolf alpha Jace Vaughn. She'll mate with him, share her blood with him...and in return, the wolves will aid the vampires in this battle. But Morgan doesn't realize just how dangerous the wolves can truly be. Jace has been waiting years to claim her. He's set a trap for his princess, and now that he has her, Jace doesn't plan to let her go. He'll send the demons back to hell, and he'll keep his vampiress--forever. BOUND IN DARKNESS When it comes to killing vampires, werewolf Cade Thain is the best slayer in the Northwest. So when a witch hires him to take out a pureblood vamp, the assassin thinks it will be just business as usual. One less vicious vamp on the streets...one more undead parasite gone from the earth. Then he meets her. Allison Gray isn't the prey that Cade expects. Beautiful, innocent, she stirs a dark desire within him. Allison hasn't transformed fully into a vampire, not yet, and it's Cade's job to make sure that she never does. Allison thinks that he's at her side to keep her safe, but Cade is supposed to pick the right moment--and kill her. Killing Allison is soon the last thing that Cade plans. As she begins the transformation that will turn her into a vampire, her bloodlust and their desire merge in an explosion of need that neither can control. But Allison's enemies are closing in, and the coming battle will take Cade and Allison beyond life, beyond love...and into a deadly darkness that waits to claim them both. BOUND IN SIN Human Paige Sloan once loved werewolf Drake Wyler more than life, but then that life was taken away from her. Attacked by vampires, Paige was bitten, and, on a cold, dark night, the life she'd known ended. She was reborn as a vampire-a werewolf's deadliest enemy. When Paige learns that Drake is being targeted for death, she knows that she can't hide in the shadows any longer. She has to return to him, and she will do anything-anything-in order to make sure that he keeps living. The vampires might have destroyed her chance to live and love Drake, but they won't take him. Not over her undead body. BOUND BY THE NIGHT For the last fifteen years, vampire queen Iona has been dead to the world. Trapped under the power of a brutal curse, she has been helpless. A prisoner, locked within her own still body. Then alpha werewolf Jamie O'Connell fights his way to her side. After defeating the guards that surround her, Jamie gives Iona his blood...and she rises. The world has changed a great deal in the last fifteen years, and Iona has changed, too. Once known as the Blood Queen because of her dark reputation, she now finds herself longing for the blood of only one man...only he isn't just a man. She wants the blood of her werewolf--Jamie's blood. But Iona doesn't realize that Jamie has been keeping secrets from her. Very dark, dangerous secrets. And Iona may have traded one curse for another. Author's Note: The stories in this collection are adult paranormal romances. They contain sex, violence, and adult language (the stories also contain hot vampires and werewolves).
