14655460:::::As the Matzo Ball Turns:::::This zany yet telling adventure of a starry-eyed fish out of water landing in Hollywood to pursue a career on the silver screen is filled with surprises the whole way through. An awestruck Jozef Rothstein initially searches for meaningful employment until he lands his first waiting gig in a fast-paced twenty-four-hour deli that caters to the entertainment industry by day and the LA party scene by night. As Rothstein begins the submission process and implements his strategy of making it in show business, his plan almost immediately blows up in his face. But not without providing a firsthand look at what the typical actor off the street goes through in order to climb the Hollywood ladder. Jozef is initiated as a trainee at the deli but is quickly jarred into his new reality of professional whipping boy. His world is clearly brought into view as we are introduced to the dysfunctional environment Jozef will spend the next ten years trying to squeeze a decent standard of living out of while shooting for his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. An unusual cast of characters surrounds Jozef in his new occupation and sets the stage for the type of ride we are in for. Celebrity encounters alone make this a journey worth taking as Rothstein has an uncanny ability to humanize these larger-than-life superstars and, when needed, knock them down to size. These chance meetings transpire throughout his adventure, and you never know who you are going to run into next. And while these sightings are enjoyable, Rothstein s steady descent into LA s underbelly prevents this story from becoming a Hollywood fluff piece. Featured are members of the adult entertainment business, the gay and lesbian alliance, and performers from a local drag queen bar. When it comes to whacked-out customers, Rothstein saves his best for last. The matzo ball keeps turning throughout this well-written dramedy all the way up until its touching conclusion. New characters and events breathe fresh life into this story all the way through. If you ve ever dreamed of a career on the big screen, this story will remind you of the challenges we all face as we search, struggle, and hope for something better.
