30350451:::::Meditation's Secret Treasure, Awakening to the Mystic World:::::The American Tao books, of which Meditation s Secret Treasure is the first, are unlike anything you will ever read. They present the true story of what happened when a skeptical, spiritual neophyte sat down to begin a daily practice of meditation and somehow slid through a crack between worlds, ultimately ending up in a strange new mystical dimension. Unbeknownst to him, he had been called. He had become the accidental mystic, a traveller of worlds. In repeated visits over an extended period, the author experienced over seventy strange visions and apparitions. These led him on a journey across multiple realms and worlds, ultimately taking him into the celestial chambers of a mysterious white-bearded presence, where a final secret was revealed. The complete chronicle of the author s travels is presented in this series. And every bit of it is true! You Will Learn: The truth about meditation and the doors it can open, including not only how to do it but also how not to Revelations about the forms of spiritual being, including the many faces of the Soul and its hidden lives in other worlds The meaning of the mystic teachings in the Taoist classic, the Tao-Te-Ching, by Lao Tzu What it s like to experience the esoteric realms and transformational energies described by spiritual alchemists, including chakras and Kundalini-like events New techniques for uncovering the meanings hidden in your dreams and visions. You can use these to journal your own encounters How to use methods developed in I Ching, the Chinese Book of Changes, to chart the progress of your spiritual journey by matching its diagrams of energy patterns with the imagery in your visions and dreams The teachings of several other authentic spiritual explorers, including Ken Wilber (integral and transpersonal philosophy), Sri Aurobindo (integral yoga and Hinduism), Michael Harner (contemporary Shamanism) and C.G. Jung (theory of archetypes and collective unconsciousness) As you can see, these books will take you considerably beyond where self-help books usually go. They will teach you not only about the nature of revelation but also the philosophy behind it. Due to the number and intensity of the visionary events, three books will be needed to complete the story. You will be able to witness the author s entire investigative process from beginning to end, as his story unfolds like a spiritual detective story in pursuit of a philosophical mystery. This Book Gets You Started This first book covers the initiation events of the first few weeks of the author s meditational experience, describing how his visions tested and prepared him for more far-ranging travel and deeper revelations. It presents everything meditation beginners need to start their own practice, while introducing the mystical teachings of Taoism. Topics include: The author s meditational methods, as well as a detailed discussion of their philosophical underpinnings The layered nature of the Self and the components constituting the experience of selfhood The nature of emergence and its relationship to consciousness Jung s concepts of the Anima and Animus The different types of visionary consciousness and the doors between realms The possibility of psychic precognition and whether meditation can help develop it Strange mystical events from the author s past, including his childhood encounters with occult entities and his experience of the void The visits by mysterious Watchers who evaluated his practice, later leading to his first meeting with the Teacher, who was destined to accompany him on many of his visionary travels The implications of sleep and brain science for understanding the forms of visionary consciousness
