26827389:::::Rising Strong: The Reckoning. The Rumble. The Revolution. by Brene Brown | An 8-Minute Summary:::::Forgive and forget - as many people say you should do. But forgetting the pain does not mean healing it. And it will come back time and again. Failure is painful, yes, when you don t invest your time to learn from it and take it as a challenge and an advantage. Blaming somebody or blame yourself will not do you any good, it will only bring you more black thoughts. Forgive and forget, is the answer. --- If you take the time to learn from your mistakes, choose to undergo and learn every time you fail, then you need to restart and rethink about all those failures and do things differently this time. If you don't, you can never proudly say that you have learned from your mistakes. Maybe you're asking why you should go through your mistakes again and relive all the pain. Yes, the process will be painful at first, but rest assured, it will be extremely rewarding and totally worth it. Let this 8-minute summary of Dr. Bren Brown 's Rising Strong help you with that. As you have learned to accept yourself through gifts of imperfection and show your vulnerability through Daring Greatly , give Rising Strong a chance to teach you how to genuinely overcome your failures and learn from it. Join Dr. Bren Brown as she zooms into every disappointment and mistake she made and as she takes you into the very heart of your pain. As excruciating as it is, it is the only way to get to the truth and rise again. This is the preview of the lessons you ll learn: How to look at yourself with a kind eye and learn to forgive yourself from the past mistake you made. Know that through self-forgiveness, you can liberate your true personality, talents, and you may very will be surprised at how much you can accomplish. Know that every person is a mistake maker and mistake breaker and how to rise above your mistakes and use them as inspiration of improvement. Why you MUST READ this summary? Everyone makes mistakes. Everyone has experienced loss, heartbreak, disappointment, and shame. Yet, only a very few people know how to deal with them. Most of us just choose to forget, instead of forgiving ourselves from our mistakes because we do not want to remember and experience the pain again. Bren Brown have helped thousands of people express their genuine self and has encouraged so many individuals to show their vulnerability and learn to accept themselves. Now, she has a new call: to help you delve into the heart of every unfortunate incident you experience. It is unpleasant and terrifying, but it is the way to forgiveness, understanding, and freedom. It will allow you to become your best possible version and will help you learn to stand back up after every fall, Rising Strong every time. Download your copy now! And discover how to forgive, accept and look at yourself with kind eyes. NOTE: This is a summary of Rising Strong by Bren Brown , NOT the original book.
