2191970:::::Who Killed the Constitution?: The Assault on American Law and the Unmaking of a Nation:::::Let no more be heard of confidence in man, but bind him down from mischief by the chains of the Constitution. Thomas Jefferson The United States Constitution the bedrock of our country, the foundation of our federal republic is . . . dead. You won t hear that from the politicians who endlessly pay lip service to the Constitution. It s the dirty little secret that bestselling authors Thomas E. Woods Jr. and Kevin R. C. Gutzman expose in this provocative new book. The fact is that government officials Democrats and Republicans, presidents, judges, and congresses alike long ago rejected the idea that the Constitution possesses a fixed meaning limiting the U.S. government s power. In case you ve forgotten, this idea was not a minor aspect of the Constitution; it was the document s very purpose. Woods and Gutzman round up the suspects responsible for the death of the government the Founding Fathers designed. Going right to the scenes of the crimes, they dissect twelve of the most egregious assaults on the Constitution some virtually unknown. In chronicling this dirty dozen, the authors show that the attacks began long before presidents declared preemptive wars, congresses built pork-barrel bridges to nowhere, and Supreme Court justices began to behave as our supreme legislators. In Who Killed the Constitution? Woods and Gutzman REVEAL the federal government s great gold robbery the flagrant assault on the Constitution you never heard about in history class DESTROY the phony case for presidential war power EXPOSE how the federal government has actively discriminated to end . . . discrimination TEAR DOWN the wall of separation between church and state an invention that completely contradicts what the Constitution says DARE to touch the third rail of American jurisprudence, Brown v. Board of Education showing why a government decision that seems right isn t necessarily constitutional Never shying away from controversy, Woods and Gutzman reveal an unsettling but unavoidable truth: now that the federal government has broken free of the Constitution s chains, government officials are restrained by little more than their sense of what they can get away with. Who Killed the Constitution? is a rallying cry for Americans outraged by government run amok and a warning to take heed before we lose the liberties we are truly entitled to.
