9480333:::::Bangladeshi Poets: Jibanananda Das, Taslima Nasrin, Kazi Nazrul Islam, Buddhadeb Bosu, Michael Madhusudan Dutt, Shahabuddin Nagari, Ahmed Sofa:::::Please note that the content of this book primarily consists of articles available from Wikipedia or other free sources online. Pages: 54. Chapters: Jibanananda Das, Taslima Nasrin, Kazi Nazrul Islam, Buddhadeb Bosu, Michael Madhusudan Dutt, Shahabuddin Nagari, Ahmed Sofa, Shamsur Rahman, Mohammad Nurul Huda, Hassanal Abdullah, Tapan Bagchi, Jasimuddin, Abu Zafar Obaidullah, Hayat Saif, Kamini Roy, Sufia Kamal, Syed Shamsul Haque, Hason Raja, New Age Poetry of Bangladesh, Mustafa Majid, Mohammad Rafiq, Nirmalendu Goon, Khondakar Ashraf Hossain, Alfred Khokon, Swadesh Roy, Alauddin Al-Azad, Samudra Gupta, List of Bengali poets, Al Mahmud, Ahsan Habib, Alaol, Arup Rahee, Kaykobad, James nion, Nabinchandra Sen, Farrukh Ahmed, Ismail Hossain Siraji, Sikdar Aminul Haq, Shahadat Hussain, Golam Mostofa, Arunabh Sarkar, Mohammad Lutfur Rahman, Syed Sultan, Abdul Hakim, Sheikh Fazlul Karim, Rudra Mohammad Shahidullah, Dilwar Khan, Benojir Ahmed, Syed Ali Ahsan, Daulat Qazi, Syed Emdad Ali, Abdul Kadir, Bande Ali Mia, Shah Muhammad Sagir, Abid Azad, Sandhyakar Nandi, List of Bangladeshi poets. Excerpt: Jibanananda Das (Bengali: Jibonanondo Dash) (17 February 1899 - 22 October 1954) was a noted Bengali poet. He is considered one of the precursors who introduced modernist poetry to Bengali Literature, at a period when it was influenced by Rabindranath Tagore's Romantic poetry. During the later half of the twentieth century, Jibanananda Das emerged as the most popular poet of modern Bengali literature. Popularity apart, Jibanananda Das had distinguished himself as an extraordinary poet presenting a paradigm hitherto unknown. It is a fact that his unfamiliar poetic diction, choice of words and thematic preferences took time to reach the heart of the readers. Towards the later half of the twentieth century the poetry of Jibanananda has become the defining essence of modernism in twentieth century Bengali poetry. As of 2009, Bengali is the mother tongue of more than 300 million...
