22180659:::::Uriel:::::Uriel The Price is book 6 of 6 in the Airel Saga. New York Times and USA Today Bestselling thriller writer Aaron Patterson teams up with Chris White, in this exciting new young adult paranormal romance series! Fans of Veronica Roth, Suzanne Collins, Cassandra Clare and James Dashner will love this young adult fantasy series by Aaron Patterson and Chris White. "Move over Twilight! Here comes Aaron Patterson!" --Joshua Graham, bestselling author of Beyond Justice and Darkroom Uriel: The Price All Uriel wanted was to be loved... Uriel has kept more than one deep dark secret for thousands of years. It's only fitting, then, that she should be the one to suffer the shock when it matters most. Bloodlines and ghosts, echoes from the ancient past. In the smash, what will break out into the light? Once more, we see how the evil deeds of the past play out in the generations that follow, and with grave consequences-and startling revelations. Betrayal, deceit, and murder are unavoidable in the stunning conclusion to the Airel Saga. REVIEWS: "It takes rare talent for a man to write a novel from a male POV and have it published to great critical and commercial acclaim. But it takes a miracle for that same male, or in this case males, to write a novel from the POV of a teenage girl and have it turn out as incredibly as did the new StoneHouse YA by Aaron Patterson and Chris White, AIREL. From the first sentence, I felt compelled to dive into this young woman's story and just as importantly, I felt like I personally knew her, which means I laughed, stressed and cried right along with her. A beautifully written and crafted fiction about teenage innocence, faith, loss and love. A must read for teens and adults alike." --Vincent Zandri, International Bestselling Author of The Remains, The Innocent, and Concrete Pearl "I am happy to say that this novel is one of my favorites of its kind. I never thought I could read a novel like this and be so swept away! I am always willing to try new books, but I usually steer clear of this kind of novel. Not anymore! Not when I can be so engrossed into the character's story, like I was with the beautiful AIREL, that before I know, it's over. I kept turning the pages, wanting to, no-NEEDING, to know what was going to happen next." --Molly Edwards, Willow Spring, NC Uriel: The Price is for readers who enjoy teen &amp; young adult historical fiction medieval, teen &amp; young adult romance, paranormal &amp; fantasy, paranormal romance, teen &amp; young adult religion &amp; spirituality, christian fantasy, christian fiction, teen &amp; young adult love &amp; romance, christian literature &amp; fiction, angels, demons, immortals, fallen angels, small towns, good vs evil. Aaron Patterson is a New York Times and USA Today bestselling author of the thrilling hard-boiled Mark Appleton series, (1)SWEET DREAMS, (2)DREAM ON and (3)IN YOUR DREAMS and also the Sarah Steele Series, BREAKING STEELE, TWISTING STEELE and MELTING STEELE. * * * AIREL, The Awakening (Book 1: Part 1 in the Airel Saga) AIREL, The Discovering (Book 2: Parts 2-4 in the Airel Saga) MICHAEL, The Curse (Book 3: Parts 5-6 in the Airel Saga) MICHAEL, The Mark (Book 4: Parts 7-8 in the Airel Saga) URIEL, The Inheritance (Book 5: Parts 9-10 in the Airel Saga) URIEL, The Price (Book 6: Parts 11-12 in the Airel Saga) * * * Visit Aaron's blog @ TheWorstbookEver.Blogspot.com Follow Aaron on Twitter @Mstersmith Friend Aaron on Facebook @ facebook.com/Pages/AaronPatterson
