24490383:::::The Other Woman:::::Question: A seductress steals your husband, rips apart your family and shatters your dreams. You: a) Wish them luck, and walk away with your head held high (because that s what society expects you to do)? b) Quietly seethe, but accept that there is just nothing you can do about it (because it easier for everyone if you do nothing)? c) Dig up dirt on the bitch (because someone like this would undoubtedly have dirt), use it to sabotage their relationship, then sit back with a glass of Pinot Grigio and watch them burn? Answer: C. Oh, totally C. ****** Meet Scarlett Smyth. She s drop-dead gorgeous, has a rocking body and has an above average IQ. She brags that she can ensnare any husband or taken male, and she often does. She also is ambitious and has a penchant for anything expensive. When the shrewd and ambitious temptress lays eyes on Bradley Murdoch, she believes she has found her dream man and a ticket to the high life she s entitled to. There are just two problems: 1) Bradley is married to Rival. Happily at that. 2) They have children. Adorable little girls. Do those facts deter Scarlett in any way? No, not at all. She is determined to steal Bradley, smoothly replace Rival in his life and show him how to really live life. In a calculating move, the seductress (she is so good at seduction, she is even penning a book on it) befriends the quiet and unassuming Rival and worms her way into Bradley s life. There s more: To expedite things, Scarlett the mistress, engineers a way to wipe Rival out of the picture - sends the clueless wife on a vacation . But Scarlett may have underestimated her opponent. When Rival realizes the extent of the betrayal, she decides, even though she lacks Scarlett s genius IQ, not to turn the other cheek. In fact, she is determined to win back her husband, believing that he is a good man who is simply mistaking lust for love. She believes that someone like Scarlett has to have skeletons in her cupboards and she begins to snoop around, anything she can use against the other woman, anything that can help her exact revenge. What Rival doesn t realize is: no one crosses Scarlett and gets away with it. Now, the betrayed wife and the other woman collide. The result is another gripping suspense thriller from best selling author Eve Rabi.
