18805001:::::Discord: More than Beasts - Less than Gods:::::Some Stories must be told and this is one such tale. Of grandfather the Wulf and The Garden of Eden, breeding pen, that it was. Bred for what though, Slaves to mine and rape the Earth, our Mother. Are we not her children, Does not Intellect alone, separate us from our Brethren the Beast. The Titans told it true, for we were bred and domesticated, not to have any Natural means of Defense, but our Mind, again why. To Covet first the Apple and then thy Brothers , for then and only then, did They know, we were ready to be set loose upon the World? Darwin traced it true, water the Origin of our Species. For Silver and Gold do not tarnish, lovely are they to Behold. The Brothers Cain and Abel, For Thought/After Thought, the Parody still Humors me. We had to shed our skin/our defenses, The Snake you say. For what differentiates us from our Brothers the Beasts, the Ability to convey thoughts and actions, the Word. Do we not domesticate livestock? Institute breeding programs, do we not school Beasts. To do what we cannot or do not wish to do. Could we, not be set upon the same tasks? Do all the old stories tell the same tale? What a story that would be? Would it tell of our Origins and our rise? Would it tell us why, the same Motifs, Echo down the Halls of Time. Would we even now in this day and age accept the Lessons that they teach, Parables, Metaphors? What is the underlining message, what vein runs true? The tale I am about to unfold, may be true. I will let you, judge for yourself. How much Whim, how much Fancy. It begins with the dark and loneliness of Space, so like the depths of our great Oceans. An irony that I hope is not lost on you. Depths we have barely scratched, why I ask is it so. It begins with Slavery and the dissatisfaction that it brings. It begins with those that first taught us the taste of the Bit, to Yoke the Beast and later thy Brother. We all know, man was Created, but for What, A reflection of Who. Shall I tell you, will these words ever be seen by another? Will they be considered the drug induced ravings of madness? For I have known the Taste of the Needle. The Siren Song of lies she sings, only for you if you have enough. Twirling upon the edge, dancing the Dream, as you dig It in. I only know. I must commit this to paper. In hopes that a more enlightened mind then mine can fathom the possibilities. Ink&amp;Iron Heroic Fantasy http://t.co/ZYt25gZLdI https://t.co/ZpS0Iyc9sr http://t.co/0qhVdE7dXJ http://t.co/ytEru4u1cM
