22107044:::::Heart Recaptured:::::Even salvation can be delivered through the love of the damned Beauty can be a curse. Faith can be a cage. Only love can set you free. A few long weeks after being reluctantly ripped from the comforting embrace of her sacred prophet s religious commune the only life she has ever known a terrified Delilah is thrust into a world enveloped by evil and swimming in sin. Steadfastly devout in her faith, and retaining the deep belief that her soul is innately tarnished as a branded Cursed woman of Eve , Delilah is determined to find her way home to her people in The Order and away from the corrupt and damned outlaw motorcycle club The Hades Hangmen who hold her at their secluded compound for her protection a 'protection' she strongly resents. Delilah yearns to return home, convinced that only amongst her own people, and under the holy guidance of the Lord s revealed prophet, can her Satan-spawned soul be truly saved. Conditioned her entire life to believe she is a witch... a life-long temptress the devil s whore... Delilah increasingly resents her beautiful face, her shapely body and her sensuous effect on men. But when a man of the motorcycle club a deeply sinful yet stunningly beautiful man is charged with her care, Delilah begins to see that this dangerous and moralless sinner from the 'outside' may offer her something she did not know could truly exist: unconditional love. Kyler Ky Willis loves his life: a daily abundance of brotherhood, liquor, the freedom of the open-road and best of all his pick of hot women. Raised a biker brat and now VP of the most notorious MC in the States, Ky has no shortage of club sluts warming his bed; a situation he takes full advantage of until a certain blonde enters his life a gorgeous pilgrim-blonde he can t get out of his head a pilgrim-blonde he and his club recently-rescued from some backward religious cult and a pilgrim-blonde he s been ordered to keep the hell away from and his whorish hands off. When yet another in a lengthy line of drunken blunders forces Ky to reluctantly take charge of the pilgrim-blonde s care, he realizes that there could be more to this woman than just supermodel looks and a stacked set of tits. He begins to see that she could be the woman who could do the impossible tame his wild ways and capture his reluctant heart. But the unyielding bonds of Lilah s past are strong, her people determined and, with a new Prophet in charge and hell bent on revenge, they are mightily reluctant to let her go... Dark Contemporary Romance. Contains explicit sexual situations, violence, disturbingly sensitive and taboo subjects, offensive language, and very mature topics. Recommended for age 18 years and up*
