33810033:::::Summary of Eat Fat, Get Thin: by Mark Hyman | Includes Analysis:::::Eat Fat, Get Thin: by Mark Hyman | Summary &amp; Analysis A Smarter You In 15 Minutes What is your time worth? Today only, get this Amazon bestseller for just $2.99. Regularly priced at $4.99. Read on your PC, Mac, smart phone, tablet or Kindle device. Fat begets fat- it's an idea that has been ingrained in our heads by doctors and dietitians alike in the wake of the recent obesity epidemic. But what if that idea, that eating fat makes you fat, is wrong? Author Mark Hyman, M.D. Challenges this long-held belief in his new guide, Eat Fat, Get Thin. Hyman explores the idea that eating more fat does not necessarily make you fatter; in fact, he maintains that adding more fats to your diet can reverse disease, diabetes and even help lose weight. This revolutionary book is your complete guide to living and eating healthy. Eat Fat, Get Thin is split into four parts and immediately sets to work tearing down the long-held perception that ingesting lots of fat is bad for your health. Hyman provides a number of resources for the reader as well, including shopping lists, exercise plans, and plenty of input regarding just how these fats work to improve your health. It's a compelling guide jam-packed with scientific evidence supporting the idea that eating more fats can actually improve your health. For the reader looking to make a change, Eat Fat, Get Thin is an excellent piece. Mark Hyman does an excellent job of providing resources to support the reader and encourage the change, rather than just offer dry advice. From start to finish, the book is thorough in its offering of unconventional wisdom and ways to make your personal transformation happen. Practical and well-written, Eat Fat, Get Thin is a thought-provoking diet plan that is sure to turn your perception of healthy eating and wellness on its head. Detailed overview of the book Most valuable lessons and information Key Takeaways and Analysis Take action today and download this book for a limited time discount of only $2.99! Written by Elite Summaries Please note: This is a detailed summary and analysis of the book and not the original book. keyword: Eat Fat Get Thin, Eat Fat Get Thin book, Mark Hyman, Eat Fat Get Thin Mark Hyman, Eat Fat Get Thin paperback, Eat Fat Get Thin kindle
