33279879:::::Summary of Contagious: by Jonah Berger | Includes Analysis:::::Contagious: by Jonah Berger | Summary &amp; Analysis A Smarter You In 15 Minutes What is your time worth? Today only, get this Amazon bestseller for just $2.99. Regularly priced at $4.99. Read on your PC, Mac, smart phone, tablet or Kindle device. Some things just explode and go viral, while others remain not so popular. Contagious: Why Things Catch On provides a clear elaboration of why things go viral, why people talk about certain products or certain ideas, and why are some online contents really booming and infectious. Clue: It is not advertising, because people now seldom listen to advertisements, although they still listen to their friends. Contagious: Why Things Catch On teaches the principles of social transmission and word-of-mouth, complete with techniques for helping words to spread. The book written by a Wharton professor of Marketing, Jonah Berger, will definitely help a group of people who want to get their messages across to a huge number of people. Whether it is for business profit, for political career, or for certain campaigns, this book will teach you the basics on how to make your idea infectious. This book does not only incorporate real actions, but it also provides online strategies such as through YouTube videos. All in all, it provides tips that are insightful, impactful but still are practical and manageable to do. Plain interesting, relevant and easily understood, Contagious: Why Things Catch On will also catch on like the ideas contained in it. It is influential and provocative, and it works for people who have almost no budget to begin with. You can now start your success and spread words to other people, get your copy on Amazon now. Detailed overview of the book Most valuable lessons and information Key Takeaways and Analysis Take action today and download this book for a limited time discount of only $2.99! Written by Elite Summaries Please note: This is a detailed summary and analysis of the book and not the original book. keyword: Contagious, Contagious book, Contagious kindle, Jonah Berger, Contagious Jonah Berger, Contagious paperback
