31281323:::::Summary of Lean In: by Sheryl Sandberg | Includes Analysis:::::Lean In: by Sheryl Sandberg | Summary &amp; Analysis A Smarter You In 15 Minutes What is your time worth? Today only, get this Amazon bestseller for just $2.99. Regularly priced at $4.99. Read on your PC, Mac, smart phone, tablet or Kindle device. Amidst all the proclaimed women successes all over the world, men still hold the vast majority of leading positions in United States governments and industries despite the fact that it has been 30 years since women constituted as 50 percent of total college graduates in the country. Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead looks deeper into the issues of how woman unconsciously hold themselves back in their careers. It examines personal anecdotes, research, and hard data to eliminate ambiguity and bias around the lives and the choices of working women. Not only that, it also adds the writer s personal experience, mistakes, and struggles in order to do what s best for all herself, her career, and her family. Written by Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook s chief operating officer as well as Fortune s 50 Most Powerful Women in Business and Time s 100 Most Influential People in the World, this book is inspirational as well as refreshing. Told in a humorous manner but still full of wisdom, this book serves as a call to action and a motivator for development. Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead strives to convince women about the things that they think they cannot do, but they actually can. It conveys the message that professional achievement and personal fulfillment in the workplace and at home can go hand in hand. Highly inspirational and enlightening, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead is available online in printed copy and in Kindle version. The #1 Best Seller in Feminist Theory, it encourages women to face challenges, pursue their goals as well as taking risks while sitting at the table . This book is a blueprint for women s individual growth, but also an inspiration for men who want to support their women. So get a copy of this amazing book right now from Amazon. Detailed overview of the book Most valuable lessons and information Key Takeaways and Analysis Take action today and download this book for a limited time discount of only $2.99! Written by Elite Summaries Please note: This is a detailed summary and analysis of the book and not the original book. keyword: Lean In, Lean In book, Lean In kindle, Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In paperback
