12888674:::::Voodoo in My Blood: A Healer's Journey from Surgeon to Shaman:::::Born and raised in Haiti to a family of healers, Dr. Carolle Jean-Murat completed her medical training in the US and settled in San Diego in 1982. She soon was regarded as one of the best gynecologic surgeons around-tall and regal, a lone black female among the elite. But her success harbored a secret: when a patient entered her office, Dr. Jean-Murat could quickly and intuitively see the root cause of her patient's illness, often times knowing she could help the patient without having to put her under the knife. Carolle knew she dare not make these claims aloud. Struggling to fit in with the Western medical paradigm, her intuition and vision were best left unmentioned.Harboring secrets wasn't new to Carolle, who grew up in Papa Doc Duvalier's Haiti where the threat of being snatched by the Tontons Macoutes was a daily fear. Her own father, after being tortured, miraculously escaped death and was forced to leave the country in the middle of the night, ending up as an illegal immigrant in New York City.In Carolle's society, everything had a dire price-including admitting openly to the practice of voodoo. This, too, would shape her life. A mere four-year old, Carolle was taken from her family home, and sent to live with her paternal grandmother and aunt because her own mother was a voodoo practitioner. Nevertheless, fate would find a way of returning Carolle to her.As a teenager Carolle became gravely ill; even the doctors had given up on her. With no other recourse, she was taken to her maternal grandfather where she stayed in his healing room in his voodoo temple. There, he and Carolle's mother exposed her to voodoo healing, mixing a potent potion she had to drink. They proclaimed her healed- and indeed, she was. Though she returned to live with her paternal grandmother, where once again she was told to never tell that she had been exposed to voodoo, her mother and grandfather had told her differently: 'You can run, but you can't hide from what you know. Voodoo, is in your blood.' Thus began Carolle's hidden and tumultuous relationship with this African-based paradigm of healing.For years Carolle struggled inwardly to reconcile her family's healing heritage; even outwardly she was forced to pass up many opportunities, in order to keep her family a secret. Once immersed in Western medical practice, Carolle constantly struggled with bringing her intuition to the forefront-healing through the spirit and not just the surgeon's knife. And this fact ate away
