10389148:::::Time To Learn Reloaded:::::Time To Learn-RELOADED starts this turbulent, coming of age series, which starts in the late 1980's, about the relationship between Ebony Baby Girl Brown and Anthony Ajay Jackson, a teenage, African American couple growing up in Cleveland, Ohio. The tales focus is on the strength and survival of several families, who were drawn together, through their migration north to escape the racism and bigotry, during the civil rights movement. As Ebony's dreams of romance start to consume her, she's sent to Houston to care for her grandmother. She suffers an attack which brings her crew together in ways reminiscent of the days of old. Their loyalty is overwhelming. Part 1 captures you, with the mystery surrounding Ajay and Ebony's innocence. You will become engaged in the suspense and intrigue of the Cleveland crew. And held captive, as you read on to see if they overcome the temptations of street life, to become successful entrepreneurs, despite the obstacles they face. Can love survive the stigma of her suppressed past, her lack of sexual experience plus distance? Can her heart endure the growing pains of love that Ajay often puts her through? Will he survive his many confrontations with rivals, his quick temper, plus a cold-as-steel mentality, which often leads him to kill or be killed? Can he do without his outside love interest and street credibility? Will his obsession with Baby Girl's faithfulness and loyalty to him in spite his lifestyle, drive her away and him further down the path of destruction? This series takes you on a journey of urban love and loyalty as "the crew" deal with emotions taking them from jealous rage, drug abuse, murder and betrayal, to the one thing they all seek, UNCONDITIONAL LOVE! But is love enough to save Ajay from himself? Or will he sacrifice the love of his life and a career in the NBA for his ego? This is an ongoing saga which while the characters and their interactions are fictitious, the story deals with true history.
