36672128:::::No Fourth River. A Novel Based on a True Story. A profoundly moving read about a woman's fight for survival.:::::Electroshock therapy, child abuse and modern-day slavery just another day in Christine s life. Take a heart-wrenching yet inspiring ride through one woman s incredible journey that is so compelling that you are simultaneously trying to look away and unable to stop yourself from reading on. Christine s father is a wealthy, tyrannical man renowned in the diamond business. At the age of just five, little Christine is cast aside into a boarding school where she is ridiculed for two embarrassing problems. She grows up in a never-ending circle of traumatic experiences both in her boarding school and at home. It culminates into a falling out between father and child that was never fully mended, leading her into a world of promiscuity and alcohol, eventually landing her in a violent marriage. Driven to the limits of despair and heartache, she creates a plan to escape her world of misery. Will her plan work? A story that asks: How do you find the strength, when you suffer almost unbearable abuse and are broken beyond repair, to pick up the pieces of a shattered life? Reviews: Honestly .I was really quite impressed. You have a from-the-heart tale that resonates. This novel is very well written, a real page turner. It s inspirational and it keeps you on the edge of your seat. Amanda Rogers, Proofreader This is powerful stuff. I like your frank, no excuses yet no shame writing style. It's rare to find a script that actually has me thinking about it later. A story that strikes at a visceral level and latches onto the brain like a tick... now that's good writing. Richard Peters, Editor I have thoroughly enjoyed this book. Gosh what a life! I am never saying again that I am struggling after reading this book! I love Christine s writing style. Tina Cowley I thought the price was a bit steep but now that I ve read this superb book, it was well worth the price. Ridiculously good book! Donald Cruize An epic of a novel is an understatement for this book. The writing style is outstanding. This is an inspirational story. Got me thinking about my own life. Garry Newington Most of the novels I read are fancy-pancy-style-writing. Not this one. It is clearly written from the heart and that shines through the book. Emily Verdeen A great story, very inspirational! I found it hard to put down this book. Absolutely loved it. Linzy Apppledore Incredibly well written. Great book by a great author. Tim Dunbarn This story is beyond belief. Powerful, enlightening and inspiring. It s a shame I can t give it 10 stars. Anthony Dabston You won t want to put this down! From the very moment I began reading No Fourth River, I was hooked. The fact that this is a true story makes it that much better. The hardships that Christine faced in her lifetime are almost impossible to imagine, but being a part of her journey in this compelling life story really makes you feel like you are there in the moment with her. . Christine has a unique way of telling her story that captivates the reader. Amanda on Amazon.com I loved this book. A real page turner and so much life in 300 pages! The novel is fast paced and the author caries you with her as she takes you on her life s journey and events unfold. A gripping, yet inspirational story of love and conquering adversity and one woman s struggle through childhood, adolescence and womanhood.
