12191366:::::To the Moon and Back:::::The hardest part of love is moving on...It's been a year since Ellie Kendall's husband, Jamie, was killed in an accident, but she's still grieving. In fact, she finds herself talking to him regularly. At the urging of Jamie's successful actor father Tony, Ellie moves to London's glamorous Primrose Hill, where nobody knows her past... But even in her new home-and with her hardworking new boss, Zack McLaren, and Jamie's best friend Todd to distract her-Ellie can't seem to leave Jamie behind. Will Ellie let her grief and her past consume her? Or will she realize the man of her dreams is flesh and blood-and right in front of her eyes... British women's fiction and a great romantic book, To The Moon and Back has a wonderful cast of supporting characters and tender romance. Fans of Meg Cabot, Sophie Kinsella and Eloisa James will delight in this poignant, funny contemporary romance.What readers are saying about To The Moon and Back "tender romance of finding love after heartbreak" "I definitely recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good, light, fun, and DEFINITELY ROMANTIC read." "As always there is a great cast of characters" "sweet and funny" "This book had HUMOUR AND HEART and made me laugh, even as I was crying." "a romantic love story about the journey to find your soul mate." "A story about overcoming pain and loss. About guilt and forgiveness. TRUE LOVE. Firsts and lasts loves. Friendships. Love at the first sight."What reviewers are saying about To The Moon and Back "a tremendous look at friendship, hope, romance and second chances. An unforgettable, entertaining novel! 4 Stars." "Exquisitely told... Compelling. The book was IRRESISTABLE." "A powerful and witty story about fresh starts... To the Moon and Back, to put it simply, is BRILLIANT." "She's like...Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Jill Barnett, Eloisa James, and Diana Palmer all rolled into one." "A sweet romantic contemporary about love, loss, and second chances. Mansell's dry wit, comical romantic entanglements, and crazy characters are back in force..." "Absolutely, positively AN OUTSTANDING STORY." 5 Stars, Reviewer Top PickWhat everyone is saying about the queen of British chick lit, Jill Mansell: "Fans of chick lit - if you haven't read Mansell yet - what are you waiting for!?"- A Bookworm's World "Pick this up at your peril: you won't get a thing done till it's finished." - Heat magazine "A romantic romp full of larger-than-life characters." - Express "Fast, furious and fabulous fun. To read it is to devour it." - Company "Expect to run the gamut of emotions, as this book is both laugh-out-loud funny and tear-jerkingly sad. Basically, you won't put it down." - New Woman
