15834786:::::Sneaker World:::::Sir Bentley Carruthers, sneaker magnate and exploiter of the poor on four continents, has decided to expand his empire into the lucrative field of biopiracy. He s purchased a small group of islands from the Indian government, ostensibly to assist with recovery efforts after a devastating tsunami. So he s built a sneaker factory on one of the islands along with a high-end resort that caters exclusively to the uber-rich. Unfortunately for Sir Bentley, Doc and the rest of the Damaged Posse are aware of what his real motives are. And the fact that Sir Bentley has been selling off weapons technology to the highest bidders also hasn t gone unnoticed. After the Posse arrives on the island, they embark on their strangest and funniest adventure yet that is filled with dense jungles, a lost tribe, cantankerous girlfriends, shoulder-fired missiles, and a safari suit wearing antagonist you ll love to hate. When I initially sat down to read Sneaker World, I expected to find all the usual hallmarks I ve come to expect from B.R. Snow s Damaged Posse series; great characters, smart dialogue, and lots and lots of laughs. I have to say I wasn t disappointed and Sneaker World consistently delivers on all fronts. However, as I kept reading, I found something else occurring that surprised me. The book contains some very important messages about what is going on in the world around us. Dig down just below the surface and you ll discover some serious issues being discussed and I would caution readers not to think that Sneaker World, while hysterical, is just a very funny book. They say making someone laugh is one of the hardest things to do; being able to make people laugh and think at the same time is a gift. And I have to say, Sneaker World is a gift, and B.R. Snow is one gifted writer. "The soft underbelly of globalization is exposed and fully taken to task. Like the previous books in the Damaged Posse series, Sneaker World opens up on several fronts, folds back on itself and seamlessly combines a strange collection of characters into one hysterical narrative. Three books into this fantastic series, B. R. Snow continues to deliver the goods."
