13583266:::::Visions:::::Welcome to the world of Owen Ryer and The Secret Watchers. What would you do if you suddenly discovered that you could not only sense dark energy but individuals with evil in their hearts? What if you were given hints about horrible things that had already happened and you had no choice but to fix them? What if these things you were driven to do were not only dangerous but had to be concealed? Who could you trust with this perilous secret? How would you handle homework and chores when you felt like the weight of the world rested on your shoulders? Owen feels he has no choice... What would you do? Would you have the courage to try? In Visions (The Secret Watchers, Book One) fourteen-year-old Owen Ryer hates school and his life in general, but dreams that there must be something more... until he is irrevocably drawn to a watch in an old pawnshop that unlocks his amazing and unexpected gift. Now it s a race to see if Owen can master his special ability before the dark watchers destroy or turn him to the side of evil and chaos. You will experience Owen s confusion, frustration and compassion as he discovers that it is demanding enough just to be a teenager, let alone have a secret as big as the one he is burdened with. Who should he trust? Who can help him? Typically watchers work alone but Owen is the next generation - should he be the one to challenge the rules? Everyone needs a hero and sometimes the best ones are the unintentional ones. Owen is that kind of guy as he searches for purpose, acceptance and morality. He isn t perfect, he doesn t always do things right, but he has the greater good at heart always. You are invited to follow Owen as he journeys through the darkest walk he has ever taken; where he captures glimpses of the underbelly of society, a place he never knew existed and didn t want to see. After you read Visions, will you be looking under your bed and double checking your closet? Please enter the Secret Watchers universe if you dare but beware you may be sucked right into the good versus evil suspense of jaw-clenching action and never want to leave.
