18392983:::::My Wolf Protector:::::Wolf Town Guardians - Born to walk this world as both wolf and human, these men take their role as protectors very seriously. Enjoying sensual pleasures as they please, this group of alpha werewolves are the finest when it comes to protecting their hidden settlement. Guardians are the masters of self-control, taking pride in their authority and hard, muscled bodies. That all changes at the first scent of their mates. Their control snaps. The mating heat begins. This is their stories. Book Two, Wolf Town Guardians Resigned to never knowing the truth about his mate's disappearance, Marrok Walker is a guardian with nothing left to lose. Late one night, his entire world is turned upside down when two battered werewolves stumble into Wolf Town. They have escaped from a hidden research facility in New Mexico, only moments away from death. Before losing consciousness, one of them makes a shocking revelation. Marrok discovers his mate is still alive... And desperate to be rescued. Taylor Moore was just your average, virgin accountant, until a series of horrific events altered her life. Plus-sized and loaded down with responsibilities, she lets her best friend talk her into trouble. At the very last moment, she's rescued by a tall, dangerous male riding a motorcycle. It's the start of something wonderful... Until she's abducted from him and taken to Hell's Pit. Thrown into a nightmarish world beneath a mesa, she has held onto the memory of the one night she spent with the handsome, Apache man. When the opportunity comes to help two werewolves escape, she assists them, asking only one thing in return. Find the werewolf named Marrok. Now that he knows his mate is alive, Marrok won't let anything stand in the way of reclaiming her. Planning a daring rescue, the guardians free the prisoners, but can he free Taylor from the ties that bind her? His mate is no longer the same woman he knew, but the mating heat doesn't care. It explodes, burning them both up alive. Taylor can't resist the hot, alpha werewolf, but Marrok is known for his rigid self-control. Her past is coming back to haunt her.... Will she be able to seduce the wild and savage man before it does?
