23245312:::::From the Heart - A Journey of Love:::::FROM THE HEART - A JOURNEY OF LOVE is a collection of 56 poems, 14 haikus and various sayings by the Jordanian-American author and Huffington Post Passionista, Hadel S. Ma'ayeh. Described as haunting and timeless, innovative and jazzy, exquisitely balanced, with the ability to invade one's soul, Ma'ayeh's poetic voice paints an extraordinarily realistic picture of life in our postmodern age. The sensory words and emotions she uses effectively transport the reader to the settings described. The composition of the poems is sufficiently complex to provoke the reader into filling the blanks with their imagination, while being left wanting more. FROM THE HEART - A JOURNEY OF LOVE has been listed in Amazon's Hot New Releases in Middle Eastern Poetry. Early Reviews "It takes a Sara Teasdale to employ words as few to skillfully paint the same old subject that society is and bring forth a work of art as fresh as Hadel's poetry is" - Ouma Fred "Haunting, timeless . . . the imagery Hadel employs invades your soul" - Adan K. Pope "Haunting prose . . . the reader is found pondering every word, searching for the pieces which compose the totality" - Ariaa Jaeger "Jazz Forever made me want to dance like nobody is watching" - Diana Adams "The poetry of Hadel S. Ma'ayeh is playful, deep and colorful" - Tommy Geraci "Hadel's poetry invites us to celebrate the invisible thread that links us to our inner nature. I particularly enjoyed the cadence of her poetic voice as she painted each mental picture" - Jazz Baker "Jazz Forever and Unchanging Wind sound fresh, romantic and full of sensitiveness" - Juan Garaizabal "Ma'ayeh paints an extraordinarily realistic picture . . . The sensory words and emotions really transport you to the setting her exquisitely balanced poems describe" - Josefina Diaz-Pope "Jazz Forever made me tap my toes . . . I was transported to a time and place in my soul where jazz lives" - Jackie Bigford "What beautiful poems! While reading, I got to imagine the environment described. Lovely!" - Michael Nazzal "Hadel Ma'ayeh's poems are filled with honesty, realism and thoughtfulness. Beautiful!" - Geno Carter "Engaging and innovative, displaying simplistic elegance, Ma'ayeh's words capture the essence of a world rich in subtle beauty" - Richard Bassett
