21222015:::::Calico Jack in your Garden:::::Embarrassingly, a number of the reviews for this book seem to involve people losing control of their bladder; Anyone who is a bit saucy, very fond of boobies and doesn't mind peeing slightly when they laugh too hard, this is the book for you! I have to admit that I wet myself twice while reading it but this may in part have been due to my age and a couple of bottles of a fine St. Emilion, Due to the laughter you owe my secretary one clean pair of knickers. Two reviewers have even suggested I should tour as a stand-up comedian; I found myself laughing out-loud and even sharing segments with my spouse .. I think Karl could tour as a stand-up comedian, Mr Wiggins has views on life that are expressed in a manner worthy of any stand-up comedian. So my scribblings do seem to raise a smile and a chuckle, and either way you look at it, that has to be a good thing. I got kicked out of bed TWICE for laughing so hard. This is, by far, one of the funniest books I've yet read JFC!!!! This is soooo hilarious I have never, ever read a book that caught me so unawares and made me laugh so much as Calico Jack. I laughed and laughed so much on the train home that I had to stop reading it. He is capable of making the reader cry with laughter There were times when I had to set the Kindle down and just laugh out loud. Some of Mr Wiggins' thoughts are just hilarious Whilst it s evident that a number of people love my writing - I've even been told by some that they settle themselves with a cup of coffee before reading my blogs, Newspaper columns or Facebook posts - I'm very much aware that I have an inappropriate sense of humour that isn t to everyone s taste. In short, not everyone gets me. Hardly any subject is taboo to the Englishman when he s laughing, and this often seems insensitive to other cultures, but the bedrock of the British sense of humour is a strong sense of sarcasm and self-deprecation. The British can be very passionate and if you doubt that try going to a football match - but that passion is often hidden deep in our humour so that other nationals fail to not only recognise the deadpan delivery but are never too sure if they ve been involved in a serious conversation or just a little bit of friendly banter. Having said that my style of writing is now appealing more and more to the American market. No longer simply a fad, blogging is now an important new literary innovation. This book is not a story, and if you re looking for a book that is all sweetness and light, please give this one a miss. It s not for you. I won t be offended and I honestly wish you a great life. If everyone likes me, then I m not being controversial enough. If you re looking for Humorous books about Life, Comedy Writing or even Humorous Books for Adults then take a chance on this book; I ve been told I write with an easy-going style and a zest for living that is infectious. I m not so sure about that, but I have an opinion on a range of hot issues, although you don t have to agree with all my views to enjoy the ride. Other comments on my writing style warn that I "talk to the reader with all the confidence of a man in touch with his own reality, in a voice which is seasoned with a hint of world weariness that is so telling of a writer who has written what he knows and written it with disarming fearlessness." And that I guess is true. I can be a handful at times and I know it. I m strong-willed, a bit outspoken and I write exactly what I m thinking. It s not to everyone s taste, but this is a book you can dip in and out of whenever the mood takes you. I hope you enjoy!
