12712998:::::Sell More Books!: Book Marketing and Publishing for Low Profile and Debut Authors Rethinking Book Publicity After the Digital Revolutions:::::Can low-profile, not-yet-famous authors get published and sell lots of books? This multiple award winning book says "Yes!" and tells how. ..".a comprehensive guide to marketing a book...[a] well-written, engaging resource that's loaded with specific tips.... Brimming with creative ideas, Sell More Books! should prove to be a low profile author's best friend." - ForeWord Reviews Writers and publishers will find the latest insider tips on writing and publishing more marketable books. Learn up-to-date information on publishing options, social networking, and "tried and true" book marketing tactics. Includes hundreds of practical book-selling strategies for both traditionally and self-published authors. Learn which methods may work best for your books and your personality, and which methods might be a complete waste of time. Should all authors blog? Should all authors do Twitter? According to the authors, in some cases these strategies can produce results; for others, they will be a waste of time. This book provides the wisdom to help authors make wise choices. Chapters include: Write a Marketable Book Write a Title and Subtitle That Attracts Audiences Attract People with your Cover Publish through the Most Marketable Channel Get Lots of Blurbs from All Kinds of People Optimize Your Amazon and Barnes &amp; Noble Pages Build a Professional Online Presence Submit Your Book to Contests Check Your Attitudes toward Marketing Use Guiding Principles to Prioritize Initiatives Seek Early Reviews from Respected Book Review Sources Seek Reviews and Endorsements from Busy Blogs Seek Reviews and Endorsements from Other Publications Attract Attention through Social Media Optimize Digital Sales Sell Your Book in Brick and Mortar Stores (Not Just Bookstores!) Help Reporters and Journalists with their Articles Consider Radio (Even if You're Shy!) Consider Speaking (Even if You're Shy!) John Kremer's Twelve Tips for Low-Profile Authors Bulk Sales Beyond the Bookstore: An Interview with Brian Jud Consider Press (News) Releases Low platform authors can win! Author J. Steve Miller didn't have a degree in music; neither was he a professional musician. Yet, he wrote a book on music that was published by a respected publisher and was translated into Dutch, German, Romanian, Russian and Spanish. He doesn't have a degree in education, yet his educational resources are used by schools and teachers in every state and over 30 countries. "Whether you're traditionally published or self-published, the author must do the promotion. This book provides solid guidance and is full of valuable tips." - Dan Poynter, best-selling author of over 125 books and revisions, recognized authority on book marketing, promoting and distributing, author of The Self-Publishing Manual Steve and Cherie Miller love to write, publish, and help fellow authors. Cherie serves as president of the Georgia Writers Association. Steve is president of Legacy Educational Resources. Contributors Brian Jud and John Kremer are two of the most highly respected names in book marketing.
