27242000:::::The Five Dysfunctions of a Team: by Patrick Lencioni | A 13-Minute Summary:::::One vision. One mission. One goal. One direction. How do you unify a group of individuals who have complex and dynamic personalities? Bern Bolo 's summary of The Five Dysfunctions of a Team by Patrick Lencioni will be your answer to that question and your guide in uniting and strengthening your team, saving your business, and achieving success. The success of Patrick Lencioni 's previous book, The Five Temptations of a CEO , urged him to write The Five Dysfunctions of a Team as he realised that the principles he shared were applicable not only to executive teams but to other leadership teams as well. With the principles and techniques that you can apply to real life situations, The Five Dysfunctions of a Team by Patrick Lencioni will pave the road for your team's success. Be aware of the common dysfunctions that could lead to the downfall of your team and even of your company, and know the steps to overcome them. This summary will help you: Learn the five dysfunctions of a team. Learn how to overcome these dysfunctions. Cultivate trust within your group. Promote expression of thoughts. Unite members to one decision. Maintain high standards at work. Make your team focus on a collective result. Why you MUST READ this summary: Within these pages, you will find the answer to your problems , your step-by-step guide to establishing teamwork. You will know how to unite individuals with different goals into a group with one common goal in mind. You will be able to apply the ideas and techniques to any group that you belong to and achieve astounding results! Strengthen your team while maximizing each team member s potentials and skills. Buy and enjoy Bern Bolo 's summary of The Five Dysfunctions of a Team by Patrick Lencioni now and save and strengthen your business team or any group you belong to. NOTE: This is a summary of The Five Dysfunctions of a Team by Patrick Lencioni , NOT the original book.
