6716:::::Realizing the Power of Now:::::Perhaps you can recall a time when you felt more alive than at any other moment when you had a sudden recognition of beauty, a feeling of deep contentment, and a sense of connection with life greater than you had ever thought possible. And then, this fleeting moment was gone. What if you could recapture that remarkable opening, and make it a consistent way of living in the world? Course objectives: Practice using your inner body as an anchor to the "Now" realizing the gift of full attention, and cultivating moments of pure awareness through the simple act of noticing.Discuss the authentic grace, original innocence, the liberation of laughter, and nature as a bridge to the divine available to us all.Define "awakening," discover how to dissolve your pain-body with the light of consciousness and why creativity and healing can come only from presence.Explain why "the teacher" is always within you and how to enter the "Now" through the portal called "allow."Describe how to find peace that underlies loss.Summarize how to catch your reactive thoughts before they catch you, and how to expand the space between your thoughts for a deeper experience of the "Now." Throughout Europe and North America, a man named Eckhart Tolle has emerged as a teacher with the unique ability to draw us into the awakened state he calls presence. With "Realizing the Power of Now: An In-Depth Retreat with Eckhart Tolle," you have an unparalleled opportunity to immerse yourself in the timeless dimension a place within us that always is and ever will be beyond the turmoil of life, a world of calm beyond words, of joy that has no opposite. Return to Presence Again and Again A walk in nature. A personal crisis. A moment of laughter. These can all serve as portals that take us to the depth and wonder of the Now. But how do we access these portals so that we dwell in presence more and more often? With Tolle's guidance, you will discover many simple ways to leave behind the chaos and suffering of the mind-made world, and enter this state of serenity and grace. On "Realizing the Power of Now," Eckhart will show you how to go beyond the endless stream of thoughts, and simply allow whatever is happening to occur; how to use sense perceptions and your inner body to find a peace that exists independent of conditions; and how to see past the "little me" and my story, and find your home in the living Now. An Extended Retreat with Eckhart Tolle Since the spiritual transformation that changed his life more than 20 years ago, Eckhart Tolle has replaced the park bench where he gave his first lessons with a chair and microphone, and now helps countless men and women from all walks of life to perceive what it really means to be alive. Recorded at a momentous five-day retreat led by Eckhart Tolle, here is a special invitation to transcend the finite world of fluctuating thoughts, ambitions, and fears, and touch your true essence: that which has no form, no time, and no name. Spoken simply, with his hallmark warmth, humor, and compassion, here is Eckhart's full presentation of a beautiful way to live that arises through "Realizing the Power of Now." "Realizing the Power of Now" highlights: Using your inner body as an anchor to the NowThe gift of full attentionCultivating moments of pure awarenessThe power in the simple act of noticingAuthentic grace and the original innocence we all possessThe liberation of laughterHow to expand the space between your thoughts for a deeper experience of the NowNature as a bridge to the divineWhy the teacher is always within youReactive thoughts how to catch them before they catch youDefinition of awakeningEntering the Now through the portal called "allow"Why creativity and healing can come only from presenceDissolving your pain-body with the light of consciousnessHow to find the peace that underlies lossSeparating your life situation from your lifeMore than seven hours of personal guidance with the author of "The Power of Now""
