16002669:::::500 Steve Pavlina Quotes:::::500 Steve Pavlina Quotes is a wonderful collection of the best inspirational quotes I could find. Yet, this is not a simple quotes e-book. It is more like an unusual guide that's like a friend who keeps telling you, "You can't give up. You have it in you." This is because the quotes in the e-book are bold and powerful and more like "pushers" who keep pushing you in the right direction rather than quotes that you can read for pleasure and forget about. When you are feeling low... "Stop pretending you aren't awesome. Your low self-esteem act is too fake to be believable." "Make a positive new decision and start taking action, and a newfound sense of optimism will enter your life within the hour." "One of the secrets of success is recognizing that motivation follows action." When you have a career problem... "If you want to do enjoyable work, commit to it. Decline work you don't enjoy regardless of $. Make it mandatory to excel at what you enjoy." "The only person who can step it up is you. Do you want to keep living at your current level, or are you ready to level up?" "To dump a job you don't absolutely love is to give up nothing, regardless of how much money you're making or how many years you've invested in it." When you have a relationship problem... "If you have trouble connecting with people on the outside, it maybe because you aren't communing with yourself on the inside" "Don't wait - initiate. When in doubt about who should take the next step to reveal something deeply personal, you go first. Prove to life, the universe, and your partner that you're willing to take a risk and that you're willing to trust. Magical things will happen when you do that." "It's not the end of the world if someone doesn't want to connect with you. No matter how weird or broken you think you are (or how cold other people think you are), many people would enjoy your company." The point is, this e-book will be like a guide you can refer to everyday to regain your self-belief at the end of the day and think, "Let me keep going. I have it in me." At times, this e-book also confronts you and helps you lovingly face the parts of you that you may have been denying - this denial blocks success at times. There are four bonus gifts that are inside the e-book. 1) 20 Must-read quotes that should be read everyday. 2) 20 Ways to make use of quotes in your daily life 3) Access to a week long e-course called 'Rock Your World With 7 Booster Emails!' 4) Access to an inspirational screensaver Be inspired!
