23566955:::::The Klaus Brothers Boxed Set:::::Penny Watson presents The Klaus Brothers, a holiday fantasy romance series. This boxed set includes books 1, 2, and 3. What if the legend of Santa Claus is true? What if Santa has five big strapping sons who help him run his empire? Five single, sexy sons looking for romance Sweet Inspiration (Book 1, 50,000 words) Nicholas Klaus is a master pastry chef, a strict disciplinarian, and the eldest son of the legendary Santa Claus. One look at caf owner Lucy Brewster sends him into an unexpected tailspin of lusty desires. When Lucy is injured, Nicholas makes a decision that catapults both of their lives into turmoil. Lucy Brewster, the free-spirited proprietor of Sweet Inspiration, has a flair for concocting sugary confections but no time for adventure. She gets more than she bargained for when she awakens in the North Pole...rambunctious elves, a fitness-obsessed Santa, and the man of her dreams. Does she have what it takes to become the next Mrs. Klaus? Sweet Magik (Book 2, 76,000 words) Oskar Klaus' job is killing him. Not even his favorite hobbies (extreme snowboarding and browsing old bookstores) are enough to snap him out of his funk. It's not easy living in the shadow of four successful older brothers and a father named Santa. Little does he know that a kiss on New Year's Eve is about to turn his life upside-down. Kiana Grant's Manhattan life is a world away from her childhood in Oahu. She traded sunsets and surfing for a respectable career in library science, but Oskar Klaus is a temptation that's hard to resist. Before she knows it, she's in the midst of an outrageous adventure in the North Pole, dealing with mischievous elves, wicked demons, and a devastating attraction to Santa's youngest son. There's just one problem a bitter elf hell-bent on revenge threatens the future of everyone in the North Pole, even Santa himself Sweet Adventure (Book 3, 45,000 words) Sven Klaus, Chief Toy Designer for Klaus Enterprises, will protect his family at any cost. He s prepared to battle the most threatening adversaries to do it frost flowers, snowstorms, Yeti. And beautiful tenacious tabloid journalists. Andi De Luca s reporting career is built on lies about corrupt politicians, greedy Hollywood stars, and Bigfoot. Now she s determined to uncover the truth about Klaus Enterprises, and she always gets her story. Even if it means revealing her own secret desires to Santa s son. After all the lies and deception are exposed, will Andi and Sven survive this North Pole adventure? Or will YETI MAKE THEM DEADY?
