9771964:::::English hauntings: eighteen haunted houses of England and Wales:::::NOTE: This edition has a linked "Table of Contents" and has been beautifully formatted (searchable and interlinked) to work on your Amazon e-book reader, iPad e-book reader, iPhone e-book reader, BlackBerry e-book reader, Android e-book reader, iPod e-book reader and your Amazon Desktop Reader. A horrifying 1908 collection of eighteen true ghost stories written by acclaimed author, Elliott O'Donnell. O'Donnell was an Irish author known primarily for his books about ghosts. He claimed to have seen a ghost, described as an elemental figured covered with spots, when he was five years old. He also claimed to have been strangled by a mysterious phantom in Dublin. In later life he became a ghost hunter, but first he traveled in America, working on a range in Oregon and becoming a policeman during the Chicago Railway Strike of 1894. Returning to England, he worked as a schoolmaster and trained for the theater. He served in the British army in World War I, and later acted on stage and in movies. Obviously, an anthology of this nature will not please everybody perfectly because there is a wide variety of themes and stylistic approaches represented in this book. Nevertheless, this is an excellent collection of stories from a wide variety of different themes, subjects and tones. Included in this collection: Haunting Case One: The Green Bank Hotel, Bardsley Haunting Case Two: Southgate Street Bristol Haunting Case Three: Mulready Villa, Near Basingstoke Haunting Case Four: Park Street, Bath Haunting Case Five: The Minery, Devon Haunting Case Six: Thurlow Hall, Near Exeter Haunting Case Seven: Wolsey Abbey, Near Gloucester Haunting Case Eight: The Guilsborough Ghost Part I Haunting Case Nine: The Guilsborough Ghost Part 2 Haunting Case Ten: Euston Road Haunting Case Eleven: Panmaur Hollow, Merioneth Haunting Case Twelve: Catchfield Hall, The Midlands Haunting Case Thirteen: Burle Farm, North Devon Haunting Case Fourteen: Carne House, Near Northampton Haunting Case Fifteen: Harley House, Portishead Haunting Case Sixteen: The Way Meadow, Somerset Haunting Case Seventeen: No. ? Hackham Terrace Swindon Haunting Case Eighteen: Park House, Westminster These are the original and unabridged versions of these classic weird fiction tales. A must-have for fans of strange/horror classic fiction and lovers of The Twilight Zone!
