15701521:::::Wothlondia Rising: The Anthology:::::FREE ON AMAZON: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B008AEFN8Mht... FREE ON SMASHWORDS: https://www.smashwords.com/books/view... "For lovers of the sword and sorcery genre of fantasy novels, Wothlondia Rising: The Anthology by Gary F. Vanucci, will satisfy your every craving." BEGINNINGS BOOK 1 Wothlondia Rising: The Anthology gives the reader an intimate perspective into the world and characters which frequent the pages of my novels in the Realm of Ashenclaw series. The significant events that take place in 'Wothlondia Rising' set these unique and exciting individuals on paths that alter their lives forever! If you enjoy tales that involve, romance, mystery, zombies, demons, the paranormal, and plain old action-packed good vs. evil fantasy, then you will absolutely enjoy this collection of stories, including... A Rose in Bloom recounts the thrilling events of a young Rose Thorne, not yet a woman, who is trying to find her way in the city of Oakhaven. Orphaned and discarded, she finds refuge in a kind madam at a local brothel and eventually meets a man who is more than she bargains for.... Maturation Process is the telling tale of the high elf, Elec Stormwhisper, who lives in the overbearing shadow of his father, Keryth. Treated as an outcast and feeling alienated from his own people, he exiles himself for a decade, finding a friend in a strange place and begins to accept his own unique destiny. Will this young and inexperienced elf ever find his true calling? Tears of Blood is the amazing recount of the attacks on the region of Stonehill by the ancient and malevolent undead that are known as Blood Rot Zombies! Saeunn and the barbarians of both Chansuk and Greymoors must find a way to stop the undead infestation before they spread their miasma all across the face of Wothlondia! It is a tale that will forever change the young barbarian woman in more ways than one... Strength of Faith is a tale that places a young acolyte of The Shimmering One, Garius Forge, on a path that tests his spirituality and also places him face to face with a demonic presence that has the power to alter the face of Wothlondia forever! Will his reverence and devotion to his deity be enough to overcome this horrible demon? Reflections is an exploration into the true classifications of self-image. This short and sweet tale tells of the half-ogre barbarian, Orngoth, who begins to realize the true picture of what he is and where he comes from. During a raid with his ogre barbarian kin--the Ironskulls--Orngoth has an impromptu meeting that could forever change his own destiny. Will he see his true self in time or will he continue down the path of reckless endangerment? Distant Familiarity is the tale of three legendary figures in the history of Wothlondia, who are attempting to recover an ancient evil that was stolen away from them. Tiyarnon the High Priest, Rolin Hardbeard and Nimaira Silvershade set out to recover the artifact that has forever altered their former companion Sadreth, twisting him into something altogether evil. Can these ancient heroes find and recover the item before it is reunited with its former host?
