19172484:::::Friends with Explicit Benefits Boxed Set:::::***Enjoy all four of the Friends With Benefits stories in one volume, with special expanded scenes!*** This Friends With Collection includes volumes 1-4: Partial, Full, More &amp; Extra Benefits. Plus bonus scenes from the Ian Dalton - Victoria Wilde versions along with the erotic series prequel, Desperate Thoughts. Plus a sneak peek bonus chapter of the upcoming fifth book in the series, Friends With Way Too Many Benefits, releasing on 12/17/2013. Book 1 - Friends With Partial Benefits Jillian Grayson is a disillusioned divorc e and best-selling romance novelist who suddenly can't write a chapter without her hunky male heartthrob suffering ED, an STD, or even worse. Brian Nash is a tennis-obsessed college senior who's unlucky in love and the roommate and best friend of Jillian's son, Rob. When Rob brings Brian home for Spring Break, and Brian meets the surprisingly young and tennis passionate Jillian, their shared interest quickly develops into an intense mutual attraction. After nearly giving in to their feelings, they hatch a plan, while under the influence (of something more than just the perfect Miami night), to be Friends With Partial Benefits, complete with rules to define the boundaries. Will the lonely pair continue with this distinctive relationship, actually explore their desires, or discover all of it is a really bad idea? Book 2 - Friends With Full Benefits For best-selling romance novelist Jillian Grayson, writer's block is a thing of the past now that her clandestine relationship with her son's best friend, Brian Nash, has lifted her out of a post-divorce funk. The prospect of breaking the news to her son seems daunting, but it's nothing compared to the nightmare of meeting Brian's superstrict, off-the-wall, disapproving parents. After Jillian, Brian and his younger brother Jim, learn an eye-opening secret about the Nash parents they all go scurrying back to Miami where Jillian's best friend Victoria finds Brian's sexy, but innocent college senior brother to be just what the doctor ordered. But when Jim comes on a little too seriously, will Victoria lose interest and return to her life of casual fun or will things get even more complicated? Book 3 - Friends With More Benefits As Jillian and Brian's destination wedding date nears, Jillian's just released novel's complicated success threatens to destroy their big day. While Rob's new job grows extraordinarily more mysterious Brian's becomes infinitely more unfulfilling and both struggle to find the answers. Victoria finds it more and more difficult to hide her secrets and when they are finally exposed there is no shortage of collateral damage. When thoughts are revealed will the wedding be ruined, will Jillian's career survive and will everyone forgive Victoria? Book 4 - Friends With Extra Benefits Victoria, Jillian, Brian, Jim, Caroline, and Rob are back in book four, the 400-page epic next chapter in the series. Who will prevail in the Brookhart v. Grayson trial? Will Victoria have a boy or a girl, and will she finally find happiness? Will Rob figure out what the hell is going on with his mysterious and unstable boss, and will Brian find a career? Will you be able to get through the steamy chapters without tossing your e-reader to the floor and chasing your partner around the room? Prequel - Desperate Thoughts While struggling to move on with her life, a young widow tumbles into a clandestine sexual encounter with a shy college freshman who reminds her all too much of her late husband. Afterward, she's re-awakened sexually and motivated to pursue her desperately unfulfilled desires.
