12832413:::::Anything: The Prayer That Unlocked My God and My Soul:::::Safe. Comfortable. Happy. Words we all love. Feelings we want. Even crave. We may love God, but being that he's invisible, words like comfortable seem to feel better faster. We are all chasing something. Our hearts were made to run hard and fast after things that move us. But as a generation we are all beginning to stir and wake up, identifying that these words don't satisfy for long, especially when compared to God. If God is real, and we are going to live with Him forever, shouldn't He be everything? Caught in this familiar haze of worldly happiness and empty pursuits, Jennie Allen and her husband Zac prayed a courageous prayer of abandonment that took them on an adventure God had written for them. "God, we will do anything. Anything, " Anything is a prayer of surrender that will spark something. A prayer that will move us to stop chasing things that just make us feel happy and start living a life that matters. A life that is... Surrendered. Reckless. Courageous. If we truly know a God worth giving anything for, everything changes. From Publisher's Weekly: "Bible teacher Allen (creator of the new Stuck DVD Bible study) comes out of the gate strong, displaying accessibility and purposefulness in her first book. With an eye to the fears and doubts teeming beneath the surface for many female churchgoers, she compels her audience to figure out what's stopping them from using their God-given talents, and to be willing to do anything that God asks of them. By giving readers a glimpse of her own introspection and the interior life she's revealed on her personal blog, she employs heartfelt honesty to connect with readers. Tales of loved ones who have taken the "journey to total abandonment" show how giving one's life over to a higher purpose can "wreck" comfortable lives--and allow people to seize more important opportunities. Though the book is aimed at women who must balance their calling against more practical tasks like finishing the laundry and shopping at Target, Allen's friendly yet urgent messages will have the wheels spinning in the minds of all audiences and may be the tough medicine that propels them to action." "Jennie Allen is a visionary, a girlfriend, and a Jesus-chaser. I can't think of three qualities I appreciate more in a woman. I loved this book from cover to cover and have been really contemplating the way a one-word prayer can affect one's heart and ministry in this life. I want to be an 'anything' kind of girl, and I appreciate and respect the example Jennie has set in pursuing God and what he desires in us. It's just a word on a paper, but it's a lifetime choice that can make all the difference. You in?" - Angie Smith Speaker, Women of Faith Author, I Will Carry You and What Women Fear
