15748083:::::Loss De Plott:::::"A fable for grownups who believe it is never too late to change." Don't let the illustrations fool you; Loss De Plott is as thought provoking as it gets. A fable for grownups, who believe it is never too late to change and understand the power of now, Loss will re-ignite your hunger for answers and will take you on a journey of discovery, where the stakes could not be higher. A chilling view of the future unfolds as the boundaries of time unravel and characters that might well shape our future are revealed. Meet Slothman, Wordsmith and the haunting Dark Whisperers and you will learn that it really is never too late to change. Myers has created a truly unique blending of illustrations and words, in a book that is impossible to put down. Written with a Dickensian lilt and the cadence of a musical score; the tale is told by a mysterious narrator who wakes, without his memory, only to find the elfin like Loss levitating before him. "What ......does it look like," she asks. And when a parade of odd looking doors appear in his mind he realizes that, if he is to resolve the mystery of his peculiar circumstances, there are answers he must find. Thus begins a fable that, by revealing what is really important in life, might well change your view of the world forever. Simple, yet deceptively complex, fragments of this endearing fable can be found in literature, religions and philosophies across the centuries. Yet, when all is said and done, they come down to one solitary word. A word that has both the power to create; the power to destroy the world of tomorrow and upon which rests the future of children everywhere. In the words of Stephan J Myers...... Even in this digital age there is no diary we might consult more than that of memory and it often seems to me that the oldest of memories linger longest for the dreams that never die. Constant whispers that remind us all of those halcyon days of youth, when the great expectations for our lives ahead were yet untainted by the realities of life. That everything changes is perhaps the most enduring of universal truths. Yet even that for which we have most longed might often be tinged by sadness, for fundamental to change are the choices we must make. With the years I have come to realise that each step we take in life might be regretted once we begin to dwell upon those other steps we might have taken. More, there seems to me a time for each of us when we might ask what if? Loss De Plott is above all the sum of those choices we might make. Unashamedly written with a Dickensian lilt and some rather quirky illustrations I wanted to write a book which the reader could not skim across the pages, but be encouraged to find an accord between images and words. Both mediums layered upon each other with the greatest of care, that they might reflect the simplicity and complexity with which we weave the patterns of our lives. More, I want you to never forget the characters Loss meets on her travels. The gross Slothman, the devilish Teller Of Tales and of course the Whisperers In The Dark. Find the rhythm in the words and reach once again for those halcyon days of youth. So that we might never forget we are each and every one of us the stuff of dreams and though we might be grownups, it is never too late to change. Stephan J Myers, July 2012.
