24883294:::::Whose Apple is it, Anyway! Empowering Purpose to Achieve Your God-Ordained Destiny:::::Described as The Battlefield of the Mind meets The Purpose Driven Life, against a backdrop of the Master Plan, "Whose Apple is it Anyway!" pulls it all together equipping readers with two powerful tools to side step enemy mind-fields, reclaim enemy territory and realign themselves with destiny. In her own unique voice, the author tells a story of emotional and physical abuse, rape, divorce and a 17-year marriage to a man who was later convicted as a sexual predator. New Millennium Relevance This is not your grandparents self-help book. This is real talk for real people in a real world. The book s rubber-meets-the-road perspective brings new millennium relevance as readers discover why what we have been taught about our flesh is off-focus, why the soul is the prime target, and why the mind is the battlefield. This inspirational book reveals how to wield the one sure-fire weapon we have had in our possession all along and gain the skill to leverage it to side step enemy mind-fields devised to redirect focus and sidetrack destiny. Learn to recognize, root out, and overcome the hindrances that keep us unmercifully chained to the past. Secret Revealed! * Discover the subtle secret Eve overlooked in the Garden of Eden and how the enemy has used the same old strategy to steal focus and usurp vision. You ll gain the tools to recognize, root out, and leverage it toward achieving your vision. * Learn to avoid the perpetual mistake Adam and Eve made after eating the forbidden fruit. * See what's at the core of why Israel was turned back at their Border of Destiny. Discover what they carried out of Egypt that held them captive to a total eclipse of the mind that landed them within arm's reach of a dream they couldn't see. You'll gain the insight to avoid this destiny-destroying pitfall. * Learn how to leverage adversity and redirect purpose by increasing your Appletude (Emotional Aptitude), leveraging the APPLE Inventory and activating the FRUITS Philosophy for destiny-driven results that are based in mission and purpose. Readers embark upon a profound voyage along a trail of heartbreak and laughter; tears and triumph, as they are guided along the author s own journey to wholeness and healing. Readers will discover their own Paths of Purpose and achieve the healing and empowerment it takes to realize their God-ordained destiny.
