20892805:::::The Law of Attraction:::::Librarian's Note: This is an alternate cover edition--ASIN B00E3GZSP4. USA Today Bestselling author, N.M. Silber brings you a tale filled with laughter, love and lusty lawyers. Gabrielle Ginsberg is a public defender with plenty of nerve and Braden Pierce is an assistant district attorney with a whole lot of swagger. Together Gabrielle and Braden discover that the path to true love is not always smooth, and is sometimes tread upon by some really wacky people like crazy ex-girlfriends, kinky politicians and a gentleman who throws a wine and cheese party in his pants Can true love overcome a lack of privacy, interference by jealous rivals and the insanity of the criminal court system? Find out in the book that reviewers called a "Stand-out Romantic Comedy." IMPORTANT NOTICE: This book contains explicit descriptions of sexual situations and mature language. It is intended for readers over the age of eighteen. This book is part of a TWO BOOK serial. Part two, The Home Court Advantage is available now. The same cast of characters and story world is likewise featured in an ongoing series of novels, novellas and short stories that can be read as stand-alone books. REVIEWS: "My verdict is that there is clear and convincing evidence that "The Law of Attraction" is THE stand-out romantic comedy of 2013! I cannot wait for the sequel! Cindy Meyer of The Book Enthusiast "This is a fun ride! Law of Attraction is a smart mix of romance, sex and laugh-out-loud fun. It's a quick read full of characters you will want to get to know better--especially Braden! Silber combines a great story, steamy sex scenes and a wicked sense of humor, to make "Law of Attraction" a book I couldn't put down." - Susan, (5 star review on Goodreads) "I am still laughing at the hilarious antics that rule this story of lawyer love by new to me author N.M. Silber." - Donna, In My Humble Opinion book blog (5 Star review on Goodreads) "I adored this book, right from the dedication it had me laughing out loud and it never stopped." - Michelle, Passionate About Books book blog (5 Star review on Goodreads) "It moved along at a really good pace and kept me entertained from beginning to end." Joy, Book 2 Book book blog (5 Star review on Goodreads)
