8456776:::::Samson's Lovely Mortal:::::NEW YORK TIMES &amp; USA TODAY Bestselling Author Tina Folsom presents: Samson's Lovely Mortal (Scanguards Vampires Series #1) Vampire bachelor Samson can't get it up anymore. Not even his shrink can help him. That changes when the lovely mortal auditor Delilah tumbles into his arms after a seemingly random attack. Suddenly there's nothing wrong with his hydraulics - that is, as long as Delilah is the woman in his arms. His scruples about taking Delilah to bed vanish when his shrink suggests it's the only way to cure his problem. Thinking all he needs is one night with her, Samson indulges in a night of pleasure and passion. However, another attack on Delilah and a dead body later, and Samson has his hands full: not only with trying to hide the fact he's a vampire, but also with finding out what secrets Delilah harbors for somebody to want her harm. "I'm addicted to Tina Folsom's books! The Scanguards series is one of the hottest things to happen to vampire romance. If you love scorching, fast-paced reads, don't miss this thrilling series!" --- Lara Adrian, New York Times Bestselling Author of the Midnight Breed series Scanguards Vampires (Vampire Series): Book 1: Samson's Lovely Mortal Book 2: Amaury's Hellion Book 3: Gabriel's Mate Book 4: Yvette's Haven Book 5: Zane's Redemption Book 6: Quinn's Undying Rose Book 7: Oliver's Hunger Book 8: Thomas's Choice Book 8 1/2: Silent Bite (A Scanguards Wedding Novella) Book 9: Cain's Identity Book 10: Luther's Return Novella: Mortal Wish Book 11: Blake's Pursuit (Winter 2015/Spring 2016) ...and more to come... The Scanguards Vampires series is nothing like the Vampire Diaries, Vampire Academy, Shades of Vampire, or Twilight. It's a vampire romance series for adults who like their vampires with a bit of bite--and a lot of hotness! This vampire series takes place in San Francisco. Out of Olympus Series (A romantic comedy series about Greek Gods): Book 1: A Touch of Greek Book 2: A Scent of Greek Book 3: A Taste of Greek Book 4: A Hush of Greek (coming in 2016) Venice Vampyr Novella Series (A historical vampire romance series): Venice Vampyr (#1) Venice Vampyr (#2): Final Affair Venice Vampyr (#3): Sinful Treasure Venice Vampyr (#4): Sensual Danger Eternal Bachelors Club (Contemporary Erotic Romance Series): Lawful Escort Lawful Lover Lawful Wife One Foolish Night One Long Embrace One Sizzling Touch Stealth Guardians Series: Lover Uncloaked (#1) In collaboration with Lara Adrian: The Phoenix Code (A romantic suspense series with a paranormal twist) Book 1 &amp; 2: Cut and Run Book 3 &amp; 4: Hide and Seek
