8269450:::::Darkest Powers Trilogy:::::The Summoning The Darkest Powers Series, Book I After years of frequent moves following her mother s death, Chloe Saunders s life is finally settling down. She is attending art school, pursuing her dreams of becoming a director, making friends, meeting boys. Her biggest concern is that she s not developing as fast as her friends are. But when puberty does hit, it brings more than hormone surges. Chloe starts seeing ghosts everywhere, demanding her attention. After she suffers a breakdown, her devoted aunt Lauren gets her into a highly recommended group home. At first, Lyle House seems a pretty okay place, except for Chloe s small problem of fearing she might be facing a lifetime of mental illness. But as she gradually gets to know the other kids at the home charming Simon and his ominous, unsmiling brother Derek, obnoxious Tori, and Rae, who has a thing for fire Chloe begins to realize that there is something that binds them all together, and it isn t your usual problem kid behaviour. And together they discover that Lyle House is not your usual group home either The Awakening The Darkest Powers Trilogy, Book II Book II in the Darkest Powers trilogy takes us deeper into a world where the supernatural intrudes on the everyday with riveting effect. If you had met me a few weeks ago, you probably would have described me as an average teenage girl someone normal. Now my life has changed forever and I m as far away from normal as it gets. A living science experiment not only can I see ghosts, but I was genetically altered by a group of people who call themselves The Edison Group. What does that mean? For starters, I m a teenage necromancer whose powers are out of control: I raise the dead without even trying. Trust me, that is not a power you want to have. Ever. I m running for my life with three of my supernatural friends a charming sorcerer, a cynical werewolf, and a disgruntled witch and we have to find someone who can help us gain our freedom back before The Edison Group finds us first. Or die trying. The Reckoning The Darkest Powers Trilogy, Book III Only two weeks ago, life was all too predictable. But that was before I saw my first ghost. Now along with my supernatural friends Tori, Derek, and Simon, I'm on the run from the Edison Group, which genetically altered us as part of their sinister experiment. We're hiding in a safe house that might not be as safe as it seems. We'll be gone soon anyway, back to rescue those we'd left behind and take out the Edison Group . . . or so we hope.
