32182433:::::Healing Naturally and Primary Reflexes - Restore energy with organic moves:::::'Healing Naturally and Primary Reflexes' will provide you with insight into the probable cause of your constant lack of energy and will give you practical tools to regain your vitality in a 100% natural way. You may never have heard about primary reflexes, or primitive reflexes, but they can be the source of many health problems. The book highlights the devastating influence primary reflexes can have on the human body from the age of 12 months onwards. Knowing about these reflexes, you will be able to find a solution in the form of primary reflex inhibition by which these reflexes are controlled and hence stop the energy drain and stress. Knowledge of uninhibited primary reflexes is scarce. Therefore you may not be aware of the disturbing effects of these repetitive movements on your nervous system. All of us, regardless of our origin, education or culture, can suffer from uninhibited primary reflexes. In the womb, babies develop primary reflexes or movement patterns that help them to survive the birthing process and the following couple of months. They enable essential functions like breathing, feeding and reacting to stimuli. However necessary these reflexes may be at the start of our lives, a baby needs to learn to control them. In the majority of cases this happens naturally, but not always. It is generally unknown that these primary reflexes can linger on uninhibited, resulting in chronic stress. This stress can come in a variety of disguises. Symptoms may vary, ranging from inflammation, muscle and bone pain to motoric and postural problems; from emotional instability to psychiatric disorders; from concentration issues and dizzy spells to food and metabolism problems; from learning difficulties to autistic symptoms; and from all sorts of difficulties surrounding pregnancy, giving birth and feeding to relational and social problems. This book sheds light on a phenomenon about which little is known. RPRM , Remembering Primary Reflexes, presents a fast method to regain your vitality by inhibiting these reflexes and releasing related stress. You will be guided through the natural process of primary reflex movements by a therapist who has successfully applied this method to many patients. Simply by remembering primary reflex movements you can help yourself heal. There is no need for pills. Parents will find RPRM to be a friendly way to help their children without harmful side effects and therapists who take the RPRM training will have a very powerful tool to help their clients. The book contains a practical list of symptoms and their relation to uninhibited primary reflexes.
