26369763:::::The 7-Day Flat-Belly Tea Cleanse: The Revolutionary New Plan to Melt Up to 10 Pounds of Fat in Just One Week! by Kelly Choi | A 10-minute Summary:::::We know that your time is valuable, so we keep it short and concise. Kelly Choi s 7-Day Flat-Belly Tea Cleanse is your ticket to a slim waist and a light body without the hunger pangs, cravings, and stress! In a week, you ll get to enjoy the benefits that the miraculous tea brings to your mind and body. More than just a temporary solution to get rid of those fats, it is a way of life that is bound to pave the path to your health and wellness! Boil, brew, and sip those fat cells away, and be ready to be a healthier you! Preview of the lessons you'll learn: How to do the tea cleanse and get rid of the toxins in your body. How to lose up to 10 pounds in just one week without starving. Know the certain beverages that add to your weight and start avoiding them. How to brew the perfect tea. Know the types of tea and how they differ from one another Find out what your perfect type of tea is. How certain types of tea affect the body. How to create a tea cleanse smoothie. Know that stress contributes to your weight gain and how to avoid being stressed. How to boost your tea cleanse plan. How to prevent a lot of chronic diseases. More inside the summary: Succinct and clear book synopsis. Brief and detailed summaries that will allow you to capture the key areas in the book. Funny bathroom jokes at the beginning of each chapter to lighten up the mood. A thorough guide to your 7-day tea-cleanse plan. Why you must read this summary? Because Kelly Choi s The 7-Day Flat-Belly Tea Cleanse will make your body slimmer, without starving yourself. New and effective, this refreshing diet regimen can have measurable effects as early forty-eight hours. More than this, however, it can also protect you from various lifestyle diseases. Tea is the ultimate drink. It refreshes, cleans, repairs, and protects your body. It does not only increase your metabolism but it will also help your body absorb more nutrients and burn more fat. You ll get all these and more when you undergo this potent cleanse. You will not merely lose the pounds, you will also gain your life back. For as short as seven days, you will witness interesting and obvious results. You ll feel lighter, healthier, and better. Try this 7-day tea cleanse now and you ll discover how to drink your way into a life of wellness and happiness. Note: This is a 10-Minute Summary of The 7-Day Flat-Belly Tea Cleanse by Kelly Choi, not the original book.
