34593095:::::Self Growth - 2: Self Growth Through Self Esteem Techniques:::::This book is an amazing story of reacting to situations and recognizing `gifts` that come to us constantly. It gives examples of gifts which we often ignore. It tells of one small gift that wound up in an international setting. It demonstrates how the smallest gift can result in something truly stupendous. It shows how you can recognize them, appreciate them, and profit from them! There is a 20 (+) page Quick Start Workbook (included at no extra cost) that highlights the main points. It provides you with thought provoking questions. The Quick Start Workbook is in itself a little marvel. How often do we read something, intending to get back to it `soon`; but somehow `soon` never happens. This little jewel of a workbook takes that problem away. It is a marvelous guide and will invite you almost force you to think about the main points. It is all done in a light-hearted enjoyable read. The book itself chronicles two veterans and one teacher. It tells how each reacted to their particular situation, and how each benefited or suffered because of their reactions. The huge value of this little book is that it shows how the reader can take almost any situation, and prevent it from harming him/her and turn it to his/her advantage. It shows how you can open those gifts instead of passing them by because you don t recognize them. Then it talks about the Treasure Chest which we all have and its value to you. It covers so many aspects of life, and packages them in a page turner of a book. You won t want to put it down. The included workbook will point these highlights out in a great simplistic way one in which you can hardly not learn from. It tells three individual stories and has an intriguing way of telling only one half of the story and then digresses a bit before coming back to tell the second half. It does so in a compelling way and avoids the lofty phrases we so often hear but cannot relate to, and so ignore them. Not this one It tells the stories in simple terms, engaging the reader and yet transmitting some wonderful insights which the reader can put to use immediately. It is a marvelous little handbook on life! It will be your companion.
