21948661:::::Moments in Time: The Complete Novella Collection:::::Entangled Moments : A deadly accident can take a life in more than one way. Four years ago, Carlene Adams made a deadly mistake. A tragic accident derailed the future she'd hoped for, taking the life of the man she'd planned to spend forever with. As a self-imposed penance for her solitary sin, Carlene has given up on every dream she ever had. She has committed to spend every remaining moment trying to make up for that one instance when everything changed. Then she gets a second chance. When Carlene meets Nick Johnson, the single kiss they share awakens the desires she shoved aside for so long. Suddenly she wants more than what she believe she deserves. Will she ever see him again? A thing of fate. Leaving the life she built on regret, Carlene waits for fate to intervene. But just as she begins to believe in a fresh start, she's forced to realize a horrible truth one with the power to send her second chance crashing before it even takes off. Nick isn't who she thought he was. She isn't the girl he believed her to be, either. Their lives were intertwined even before they met, and if Carlene tells him the truth, she ll risk tearing them apart for good. Rekindled Moments The truth will always find a way out. Carlene Adams' new life has been an illusion, her newfound joy just for rent. The life she craves can't really belong to a girl who is responsible for someone's death. Her greatest fear has been realized. Nick Johnson, her second chance at love, has discovered her true identity and disappeared from her life. She will need to find a way to move on without Nick. But the memories of their time together haunt her relentlessly. As Serendipity's Businessman of the Year, his face is everywhere in magazines, on the television screen, and behind her eyelids. Soon, rumors about her past cause her life to spin out of control, and she finds herself even further from her dreams. But Carlene is good at hiding from the past. She's done it once before. She can do it again. She can leave her hometown and begin again somewhere new. But she can't move on without telling Nick the truth about the life he thinks she took, and everything that came before. Bittersweet Moments Can the embers of an old life ignite the flames of a new love? Six years ago, Melisa Bergfeld s husband died. As the grief of losing him tore into her, she lost his last gift to her their unborn child and her hopes and dreams turned to ashes. Left with a life she no longer wants, she seeks salvation in a homeless shelter. For a while, that s more than enough. But when a fire breaks out, in walks the man who will try to save her life if she ll let him. Florian Heat Dane has left behind a trail of broken hearts in his wake, including pieces of his own. For all the girls he s used to fill the hole in his heart, there has been just one he could never erase from his memories. But when Melisa married his best friend Scott Bergfeld, he knew she would never be his the way she d been the one unforgettable night they spent together. Now that she s back in his life, he will do anything to recapture her heart, even if it means giving away his own. Heat still has the power to ignite passion in Melisa, something she both desires and rejects.
