22365433:::::This Broken Beautiful Thing:::::After tonight I knew things were going to change. For the better that is I had a secret and I was finally going to tell the boy of my dreams, the love of my life, soul mate and boyfriend of the last four years. I wasn't prepared for what actually happened I didn't expect to lose my boyfriend and best friend in one night . Things weren't supposed to end this way. My heart was ripped out, split in two and stomped on for all to see. I was humiliated and betrayed. How deep can the knife of betrayal cut before it s too late to wrench it out and let the forgiveness heal? Is forgiveness even possible when you ve been hurt in the worst possible way? Can a soul so broken and ruined ever be restored? How am I supposed to heal from this when I have a reminder of the beautiful man whom broke me looking up to me every day? **** Harley is the product of a one night stand. Her mother being an all-out train-wreck and her father the President of a notorious Motorcycle Club. She lives with her mother in a run-down apartment near the strip club she works for, her father lives a few hours away. To say she s had a rough childhood is an understatement. Her life is the complete opposite to the luxury Caleb was brought up with. He is wealthy but never looks down at Harley since he is completely and utterly in love with her. Harley has just graduated from High School, it s their fourth year anniversary and tonight she has a secret to tell him before they head out to college and move into their new apartment together. They've been best friends since they met in Kindergarten and haven t let anyone come between them despite being complete opposites. Caleb is the typical jock and Harley, his dorky sidekick. What happens when Harley is betrayed...by none other than Caleb? What happens when Harley's secret is revealed? She runs to her father, now she has to learn to adapt to the Motorcycle Club life that her father leads. She has a long road ahead of her, surrounded by possessive bikers with dirty mouths and beautiful tattoo clad bodies she s forced to understand the place of a woman in this club, even when she doesn't agree. Will Harley be able to resist Raven, the soon to be Vice President of the Club, when she captures his attention? ***AUTHORS NOTE: There is a cliffhanger so be warned ;)
