11394334:::::AMERICA: Still the Land of Opportunity, Always a Home for the Brave:::::This book helps people fight through their challenges so they can see the opportunities that successful people take advantage of in times of crisis. Have you been struggling in this economy? Have you been worried about your job or have you been without a job for more than 6 months? Are you worried about our country s ability to recover from the Great Recession? AMERICA: Still the Land of Opportunity, Always a Home for the Brave was written with people just like you in mind. When I began my career as a commission only Recruiter in 2006, the economy was barely showing signs of slowing down. By the time I entered my second year in 2008, the economy was headed towards a crash. Very few clients wanted to pay me to hire new people; and that s if they were hiring at all! In 2008 I met so many people that were not only worried about their jobs but who were actually unemployed. Though I was working my commissions had dropped so low that I barely any commissions at all. When my father became gravely ill, I knew that it was time for me to do something different not only for myself but for all of the people I continued to meet who were struggling. Isn t it funny that financial troubles seem to come exactly at the wrong time? I decided to take action. Two mornings a week I was the guy in the coffee shop typing away a book that would change the course of people s lives and my own. Every evening at 6 pm I would stop working and start writing the draft of what would become my tribute to people who have succeeded in prior generations and what their courage and ingenuity translated to in a 21st century workforce. This book is my of helping people I met as a Recruiter who needed encouragement but also credible and specific strategies for getting a new job. In it I poured many of the simple but often overlooked strategies for getting a job that have helped many of my former clients. I met Jason while I was searching for a job as most people might meet recruiters. Since that time, I have come to look to Jason as a resource and a friend. He provides valuable insight on the overall state of the job market and any trends he has come across. Whenever I have a friend or colleague looking for a position I always refer them to Jason because I know I am putting them in good hands. - Jake O., Vienna, VA I never thought I'd find myself in Portland, Maine, but I received exactly the job offer that I had hoped for. I had been sending my resume here a couple times each year since 2005 and I got a call back from them only after I submitted the resume that you helped me with. - James B., Portland, ME It was a pleasure to review Jason Howell's book. He has collected wisdom and leadership from our own American patriotic leaders and artfully connected it to our own professional and personal development. It's a new concept, but he has crafted a well-delivered book based on in-depth research. For anyone wanting to better themselves with a better career, this is a valuable resource. - Darcie D., Washington, DC The old world of getting a job by just showing up changed years ago. We are now under no false pretense that we are owed a job by anyone. Identifying ways to deliver value is the only true method for finding and keeping employment. Whether you have internal customers or external customers as a sales person or business owner, AMERICA: Still the Land of Opportunity, Always a Home for the Brave will help you: Interview to GET THE JOB Show the executives that you re worth hiring (and keeping) Become recession proof Realize that America has had similar and bigger challenges and has survived How to be courageous in the face of the big, bad Economy Create a bold new vision for your personal legacy Renew your sense of patriotism, love and Passion for your country and yourself. We have all been challenged but we have always met those challenges and thrived. America is a reflection of her people and challenges allow us to become stronger, motivated, more purposeful and more determined to succeed. The spirit of America can be captured by the voices of 13 British Colonies who didn t ask for their independence, but declared it. Now is the time to add innovation to your career or business. YOU are the economy and your country, your world is waiting on your leadership. My fellow citizens of the world: ask not what America will do for you, but what together we can do for the freedom of man. ~ John F. Kennedy, Inaugural Address, 1961 PS. What is written here is motivational and practical. There are time tested principles of hard work and personal conviction that is as true today as they were during the early day
