33809003:::::Weapon:::::In the world of the living and the dead, only the dead survive The way carbon atoms need intense heat and pressure to change structure and become a diamond is the same way some girls need mind mapping and genetic modification to become unstoppable weapons. As in love, nothing comes easy. And nothing in life will ever be the same again. Such is the nature of cause and effect in genetics. In the wake of an horrific, inevitable tragedy, everyone is forced to be someone they re not. Brayden sinks into the Vegas nightlife learning hard lessons in love and sex; Georgia struggles to cope with the mutant changes taking place in her, specifically the death of her emotions; Dr. Holland must correct his own genetic cocktail lest he descend into a madness more reminiscent of his earlier, more homicidal days; and Margaret and Christian must face their own dire truths, not only about who they are becoming as a couple, but if they will even have a family once the truth about Abby comes out. Weapon is very much a book of love and humanity, the will to endure the unthinkable, the necessity of friendship in the darkest of times and what it means to prepare yourself for the backlash of a reckless life. When love is a choice, and life is a choice, but madness and torture head toward secrecy and conspiracy, what you have is a riveting tale that begs the question: can normalcy and paranormal power co-exist? Especially if that power is otherworldly and indomitable, something most humans could never comprehend? With some slight of hand, a rash of deception, and some life-threatening choices that seem impossible in retrospect, the heart-stopping fifth novel in the ground-breaking Swann Series begins. Note to Reader: Before you purchase this book, read the short author interview below. Due to mature content, Weapon is recommended for ages 15 and up. INTERVIEW WITH THE AUTHOR Q The events in Masochist flip the script, so to speak. Can we expect to see Abby again? A If I ve learned one thing from reading over a thousand books, it s that you want to keep your audience on edge. You want to be unpredictable, do the unthinkable. Nothing for my characters is easy. Weapon is no different. As the series progresses, the stakes intensify; if the characters can t keep up, failure overwhelms them. Failure sometimes equals death. Weapon continues the Swann Series tradition by being a story of ascension. Over the last three books, this series has delicately embraced the paranormal, the genetically complex, the downright insane. So will we see Abby again? Maybe more than you think, or perhaps not at all. I can promise you this, what lie ahead you will never see it coming. Q You use Dulce Air Force Base as a background for Weapon. What inspired this setting? A There s so much conspiracy surrounding Dulce AFB, especially in 1979 when a war broke out between the military and, well something else. Sixty-seven military personnel died; three survived. Phil Schneider, grievously wounded, survived. His wounds were consistent with his story, but his story was impossible to the logical mind. Schneider was told the only way to avoid being suicided was to tell the truth to as many people as he could, a common safety measure for whistle-blowers. Schneider was later found dead in his apartment after thirteen murder attempts.
