25449609:::::Chained:::::After the devastating loss of her parents and subsequent depression, Olivia Brown decided a move from her parent s family home in Cambridge to a house in London would give her the fresh start she so sorely needed. Living off her inheritance, Olivia didn t need to work, but she knew she needed something to make her feel like life was worth living. Painting was her one true love, but that wasn t enough. So she started a part-time job in a bar, and the rest of the time she spent at a local soup kitchen, feeding the homeless. In the mornings, she bought hot beverages for her homeless friends, but there was one who never asked. This man, having the most facial hair she d ever seen, the most captivating eyes she d ever stared at, remained aloof. He never said a word to anyone, and never once looked her way. However, all this did was make Olivia want to find out more about this mysterious man hiding behind a face full of hair. One perilous evening, her wish came true. On the way back from working at the bar, Olivia was attacked. She screamed for help, relieved when her cries are answered...but surprised when she saw who her rescuer was. It was the eyes. It was the hair. It was none other than the mysterious homeless man. That night, Olivia learned two things. One, his name was Kit, and two, Kit had skills skills which didn t fit a man living on the streets. Day after day, Olivia slowly pushed the boundaries, coaxing out the man hiding behind the hair. Kit Chain wasn t only trained like men she watched in movies, he was also the most beautiful. Bit by bit, Olivia managed to break down his walls, revealing secrets that would change her life. Secrets that would put both of them in terrible danger. However, there was one thing about secrets... Everyone had them. WARNING: This is NOT a traditional love story. It contains disturbing subject matter, including themes of questionable consent for both male and female, as well as graphic sexual content. This is a work of fiction intended for a mature, 18+ audience only. The author neither endorses nor condones this type of behaviour.
