17893407:::::The Sun, the Moon, the Stars and Maya: A Collection of Little Sayings about Enormous Things.:::::The Sun, the Moon, the Stars and Maya is very different kind of book, in a unique format and richly textured with over 90 full color original illustrations and is one of those truly rare books that can be enjoyed equally by a child and a grown-up and most of all both a child and adult together. "When I began reading, I was looking for a category to place it in the proper place among all other books that I have read. I soon recognized that Maya moved me beyond content to an experience of thinking and feeling." - Jacqueline Rhoades, MS ED Review. This book will surprise and delight you and your family and makes the perfect gift. Our lives are bombarded with things that can take us away from the special connections we are capable of. Each of us has the ability to demonstrate love, compassion, gratitude, and generosity. We can choose to live our lives by the Golden Rule. We can make time to appreciate the exquisite construction of our planet and experience the joys of nature. We can look toward the star-spangled heavens, appreciate the velvet silence, and draw peace from spirituality. We have the ability to find beauty in simplicity, and we can marvel at the complexity of what, at first glance, appears deceptively simple. Many of us have just forgotten how. In today's busy, electronics-oriented world, dominated by distractions, special effects, and noisy shoot-'em-ups, simple earth-based spiritual and moral issues have been effectively obscured from view and buried in the smoky haze of the fiery explosion of computer-generated images. In today s busy, electronics-oriented world, dominated by distractions, special effects, and noisy shoot- em-ups, simple earth-based spiritual and moral issues have been effectively obscured from view and buried in the smoky haze of the fiery explosion of computer-generated images. The Sun, the Moon, the Stars, and Maya was created to help families discuss important issues with their children. Illustrations of Maya, the Shih Tzu puppy muse, in complementary settings, accompany bits of wisdom relating to spiritual and moral issues. Notable quotations are the inspiration for Maya's simple-language lyrical interpretations meant to evoke awe and wonder in all things and capture the imagination of the child and the child within the parent. Access to downloadable hi-resolution downloads and audio readings online and so much more are also granted with your purchase. Endorsement of The Sun, the Moon, the Stars and Maya from Dr. Bernie Siegel click to learn more http://berniesiegelmd.com/ "Come to the edge I may fall They pushed him and he flew. Beautiful piece of work" by Bernie Siegel, MD Author of A Book of Miracles and The Art of Healing I wrote this book to help more people - All of my life I have been a practitioner of the 'give-away' where I have done creative art, like carving stone, paintings, poetry, writings etc and then given them away to people that they could help - I carved a sacred stone called Catlinite which is used by the Native Americans to make their pipes for prayers into sacred Hebrew Letters (one of the sacred alphabets which represented - energies of creation) and gave them to people that needed healing - hundreds of them - I gave away the things most valuable to me to help - however - I was limited in reaching the number of people I wanted to help - I wrote this book and offer it commercially to help even more people with healing words and the magic of Maya. I could not reach the parents, grandparents, adults and children that I wanted to without commercial exposure - I am very grateful for this opportunity to help more people. Your purchase of this book allows me to 'give-away' even more to people that cannot afford to purchase like children in hospitals, like emotionally distraught adults that don't know where to turn, like grandparents that are on fixed incomes. Thank you for your help in helping them - it makes YOU a part of this sacred ceremony called The Give-Away....
