27776020:::::From Victim To Victory Book Series: Level 1: Core Principles:::::In this splendid book, the first in the From Victim To Victory book series, Sascha explains the 4 core principles to you that lie at the heart of all his successes and of him overcoming all the challenges of a severe disability, which should have left him in a wheelchair and mentally challenged, and 34 years of severe daily mental abuse by his very own mother. He wrote this inspiring book so that YOU TOO can overcome the hurdles that keep you from being truly successful so that YOU TOO can begin to live a life of true victories and glory as well. Today, he achieved much more than anyone thought possible. He does not only hold several degrees from some of the best academic institutions out there but he is also a millionaire living a truly successful life on all levels. Indeed, Sascha was born severely disabled with a condition called spina bifida, lumbosacral meningomyelocele, meaning he was born with an open back, and he also was born with hydrocephalus and an Arnold Chiari II syndrome. According to medical professionals, he should have never walked and he should have been mentally challenged. In addition to this challenge, he also was the son of an abusive mother who tried everything she could to ruin his life in every way possible. She committed suicide in 2013 by jumping from the seventh floor of the apartment building they both had apartments in, probably hoping he would see her jump in order to ruin his life completely, as if she hadn t already done enough damage to him. Learn definitive solutions on how to release the brakes in your life by someone who has tested them himself for you. These solutions will lead to astonishing results in your life, guaranteed! Turn your life into a blockbuster now!! The applause is just around the corner fellow winner!! Hit the gas now and show the world all the potential that is really inside of you and make yourself and your life become truly victorious and glorious!!
