22816793:::::Funny Jokes : 125+ Hilarious Jokes:::::125+ Funny and Hilarious Jokes! (FREE JOKE BOOK download included! - see link inside) Joke telling is very fun and can bring a smile to the face of others. Kids love jokes! Jokes can aid in story-telling, create laughs, and help with conversation and social skills. Your child will love this hilarious joke book full of clean jokes for children. Kids and children can practice their reading and joke telling skills with this funny joke book . Beginning and early readers can enjoy hours of fun and entertainment. This book is especially great for traveling, waiting rooms, and reading aloud at home. Jokes from this funny book... Q: What happened when the owl lost his voice? A: He didn t give a hoot! HAHA! Q: How many skunks do you need to make a house really smelly? A: Just a phew! LOL! Q: Where do astronauts leave their spaceships? A: At parking meteors! Funny Jokes! (Clean Jokes for Children) 125+ funny and hilarious jokes! Excellent for early and beginning readers Hours of fun and entertainment for your child Great for long trips, waiting rooms, and reading aloud 125+ Funny and Hilarious Jokes! This funny joke book is full of funny jokes that will have you laughing for hours! This is one of the best joke collections in the world. These jokes will have you full with the giggles. These funny jokes are excellent for kids, children, teens, and adults. Early and beginner readers can practice reading aloud and learning. Best-Selling Joke Book Author, Johnny B. Laughing The Joke King, Johnny B. Laughing is a best-selling children's joke book author. He is a jokester at heart and enjoys a good laugh, pulling pranks on his friends, and telling funny and hilarious jokes! He has a wide variety of published joke books and a very successful joke website. Bonus Included! -- FREE JOKE BOOK DOWNLOAD! 101 FREE Funny Jokes (Free eBook download with purchase) Download your copy when you purchase this funny joke book. Scroll up and click 'buy' to get the laughter recipe today! 100% Money Back Guarantee Tags: funny knock knock jokes for kids, funny joke, funny jokes, lol, jokes, food, joke book, joke book, ebook, books, funny, hilarious jokes, ebooks, funny jokes, kids, haha, hilarious, children, joke, kid, funny jokes for children, kids books, childrens books, childrens book, kids book, kids books, free jokes, free joke books, free jokes for kids, jokes, joke book, food book, joke books, hilarious, lol, laughing, laughter, knock knock, funny jokes, funny joke book, book for kids, kindle book, kindle ebook, jokes online, comedy, humor, early reader, beginning reader, laugh, laughter, funniest jokes, laughing, kids comedy
