6129974:::::Simplicity Parenting: Using the Extraordinary Power of Less to Raise Calmer, Happier, and More Secure Kids:::::Today s busier, faster, supersized society is waging an undeclared war . . . on childhood. As the pace of life accelerates to hyperspeed with too much stuff, too many choices, and too little time children feel the pressure. They can become anxious, have trouble with friends and school, or even be diagnosed with behavioral problems. Now, in defense of the extraordinary power of less, internationally renowned family consultant Kim John Payne helps parents reclaim for their children the space and freedom that all kids need, allowing their children s attention to focus and their individuality to flourish. Based on Payne s twenty year s experience successfully counseling busy families, Simplicity Parenting teaches parents how to worry and hover less and how to enjoy more. For those who want to slow their children s lives down but don t know where to start, Payne offers both inspiration and a blueprint for change. Streamline your home environment. The average child has more than 150 toys. Here are tips for reducing the amount of toys, books, and clutter as well as the lights, sounds, and general sensory overload that crowd the space young imaginations need in order to grow. Establish rhythms and rituals. Predictability (routines) and transparency (knowing the day s plan) are soothing pressure valves for children. Here are ways to ease daily tensions, create battle-free mealtimes and bedtimes, and tell if your child is overwhelmed. Schedule a break in the schedule. Too many activities may limit children s ability to motivate and direct themselves. Learn how to establish intervals of calm in your child s daily torrent of constant doing and familiarize yourself with the pros and cons of organized sports and other enrichment activities. Scale back on media and parental involvement. Back out of hyperparenting by managing your children s screen time to limit the endless and sometimes scary deluge of information and stimulation. Parental hovering is really about anxiety; by doing less and trusting more, parents can create a sanctuary that nurtures children s identity, well-being, and resiliency as they grow slowly into themselves. A manifesto for protecting the grace of childhood, Simplicity Parenting is an eloquent guide to bringing new rhythms to bear on the lifelong art of parenting.
