15832002:::::Redwood Pack, Vol. 1:::::Redwood Pack Volume 1 contains the first 2 books in the Redwood Pack Series in a print copy. An Alpha s Path Redwood Pack Book 1 Melanie is a twenty-five year old chemist who has spent the whole of her adult life slaving at school. Now she is finally done and about to start her dream job, however before she does that she needs to let her hair down. A blind date set up through her friends seems like the perfect solution. Melanie can now take one night off and let her inner vixen out. She can go crazy with a perfect stranger. But what happens when the man she is set up with is more than what he seems and Melanie finds herself wanting more that she thinks she is ready for? Kade, a slightly older than twenty-something werewolf (by about one hundred years) who needs a night away from the Pack. Too many responsibilities and one near miss with a potential mate have caused Kade to search for some peace. One night with a human woman who is as sexy as she is smart could heal any doubts or troubles Kade has. But what happens when he finds this little woman could be his mate and for the first time Kade finds himself at a loss for words? A Taste for a Mate Redwood Pack Book 2 Jasper Jamenson s only responsibility to being the Beta of the Redwood Pack, second son of the Alpha, is to protect the Pack from themselves and the human world. After a century of selfless service, his brother s new found mating forced him into taking a good look into his life. He isn t sure he wants a mate, but fate may have other ideas. Willow Delton is a skinny, bakery owner the type most woman love to hate. Being without family, she finds herself alone to the Greek god with green eyes who saunters into her bakery every morning. Her desire to follow him, to be with him, overrides every rational sense she possessed. Jasper and Willow are drawn together, despite every nuisance that works against them. But evil beyond even Jasper s supernatural compensation will make war against him, by going after the only thing in his eternal life he desires Willow. Is Willow s heart enough to overcome Jasper s soul to save her life? A fight he cannot win, but to save her life he must.
