17696042:::::Never Goodbye:::::If you had one chance to be with your soul mate, would you fight for it? Sometimes the hardest fight isn't finding love, sometimes its fighting against the ticking clock of your life. Stalked by the shadow of a foreboding disease, seventeen year old, Harper Kennedy finds herself starting a new life in Albany Missouri. With a ticking time bomb, a wall of quotes, a shell of a father and a brother who has no one else, Harper tries to get life in order for those she may be leaving behind. But fate is cruel when it delivers temptation in the form of Vaun Campbell into her life; Vaun who is kind and sweet and completely out of her league on so many levels. How can Harper find love only to have it ripped away so soon? How can she put Vaun, who has faced more than his own fair share of loss and grief in the past, through all that again? How can she not? Vaun Campbell has been to hell and back again after losing his mother. He has seen the way disease destroys the ones he loves has seen them fade before his eyes. He never thought he d find someone to bring the sunshine back to his life until he laid eyes on Harper; the graceful girl he watched float across the dance floor, who stole a little piece of his heart forever. So Harper must fight for more than just her life, she must fight for her little brother, her father and for Vaun; who promises her a future. EXCERPT: I want him to. I want it so bad I almost scream it. What I do is pop on my tip toes and shatter any remnants of a line I had drawn with a kiss to end all kisses. My fingers drive into his hair and his into mine. His tongue sweeps across my lips and I let him in and, holy shit, I m on fire. I have kissed before and never had this feeling. Vaun is constantly breaking my nevers and, at the rate we are going, I won t have any left before I die. And that one thought is the cold bucket of water I need and hate because I want to keep kissing this boy until he s had enough of me. But I m dying. While I m kissing him, I m dying. While I m thinking about dying, I m dying and that just isn t fair on a boy who has already faced that kind of loss. I pull my mouth from his and sit on the edge of my bed with my hand over my mouth. Blue, don t. He squats on his knees in front of me, his hands on my hips and he s looking at me with sad, brown eyes. I shake my head. I don t want to see him. Don t deny us this. Whatever it is that you re not ready to tell me, we ll work through it with time. Just let us get through tonight and take each day at a time. But we don t have the luxury of time. We have the ticking of a clock and an undeniable need for each other that s so unfathomable and so unfair. I close my eyes, unable to look at him anymore. It hurts too much and I feel the waver. Harper, I have been carrying such a heavy load of life, I need this. I promise you that if there comes a time where you feel we can t do this, then I will give it to you. No fight, no pleading. I will give you up if you want, but right now, give us tonight and we can take it one night at a time, one day, one hour, one minute every second.
