336886:::::The Twelfth Angel:::::A very special story about life and love and courage. MERLIN OLSEN, SPORTSCASTER John Harding had a high-powered career, a loving wife, and a beautiful son. He's lost it all and has returned to his home town of Boland, New Hampshire, teetering on the brink of suicide. But an old friend asks John to manage his old Little League team, the Angels. Reluctantly, he agrees, and meets a hopeless player who bears a striking resemblance to his dead son?and through their extroardinary relationship, John finds the wisdom in living that he thought had slipped beyond his grasp forever.... AN ALTERNATE SELECTION OF THE LITERARY GUILD Annotation From the bestselling author of The Greatest Salesman In the World comes this inspirational bestseller. Broken by the death of his wife and son, John Harding finds a special gift in managing his old Little League team and finds himself especially drawn to one little boy who resembles his late son. "One of the most touching books I have ever read."--Norman Vincent Peale. This foray into fiction by the bestselling inspirational and self-help author ( The Greatest Salesman in the World ) is a slim, formulaic tearjerker. The story is one of grief, courage and emotional rejuvenation. In his early 40s, John Harding returns to his New Hampshire hometown as president of a large and powerful computer firm located in nearby Concord. His life seems nearly perfect until his wife and son are killed in an auto accident. Paralyzed with grief, Harding sinks into near-suicidal depression. Then a childhood friend who has been recuperating from bypass surgery convinces him to coach their old Little League team--the Angels. In this capacity Harding meets Timothy Noble, the 12th and last player to make the team. Timothy, who recites self-affirmations and carries around a ``never-give-up'' attitude, provides the ultimate inspiration for Harding. But from there on out the cliches pile up until what we get is a two-dimensional Little League version of t
