18626461:::::Messages From Heaven:::::Collette Sinclaire has spent the last 7 years speaking with the souls of those who have passed on into the afterlife. These are real accounts of everyday people just like you and me, as well as those who had led lives which seem unimaginable and unbearable. The accounts of the lives they lived may shock or surprise you. They may make you laugh or cry. Each of these 25 souls has something to offer you to help you in your own life, or to understand the lives of those around you. Each chapter is the story of one soul s life and death and each account brings to light an understanding of our world and why exactly we are here. They are all told in the spirit s own voices and each brings with it something unique to share with us here in the world of the living. No matter how they had lived and died, you will learn from their lessons of living and loving, both successes and failures. There are heartwarming tales of redemption as well as heartbreaking tales of grief and lessons learned the hard way. Collette has spoken people who have died in many circumstances, from those who passed on peacefully to those who were afraid to go into the light or felt that they had unfinished business on earth who then became ghosts and haunted the living. She has interviewed souls from all walks of life, every class, the powerful and the powerless, from countries all over the world. I have interviewed priests and murderers, lovers and lonely hearts, captains of industry and thieves, and so many in between. Chances are she has interviewed someone much like yourself or someone you care deeply about. The lessons each of these souls brings forth are all very valuable. It is my hope that these interviews will inspire you, comfort you, and bring you understanding of your own life and the difficult paths we all walk along. Under the skin, we are all the same here on earth and we walk these paths together. I hope these interviews will also help bring you peace in times of turmoil and solace in times of great pain. May they bring you closer to the light of love and goodness, and with it, bring to you closer to all the happiness and beauty that follows understanding. We must all learn earthly lessons to grow our souls into more full, more beautiful beings so that we may reach back to the source of all creation in order to return to the God Source itself and bask in all it s beauty and glory.
