10269605:::::Mickey Mouse, Vol. 1: Race to Death Valley:::::Today everyone knows Mickey Mouse as the cheerful ambassador of all things Disney. But back in the 1930s, Mickey gained fame as a rough-and-tumble, two-fisted epic hero an adventurous scrapper matching wits with mobsters, kidnappers, spies, and even (gulp!) city slickers! And Mickey s greatest feats of derring-do took place in his daily comic strip, written and drawn by one of the greatest cartoonists of the 20th century Floyd Gottfredson. For its first quarter-century, Gottfredson s Mickey Mouse was a rip-roaring serial: the most popular cartoon-based comic of its time, a trendsetting adventure continuity aimed at both kids and grown-ups, and the foundation on which all later Disney comics grew including the adventures of Donald Duck and Uncle Scrooge by Gottfredson s Disney colleague Carl Barks. Glimpses of Floyd Gottfredson s masterpiece have been reprinted over the years, most famously in Bill Blackbeard s classic Smithsonian Collection of Newspaper Comics . But the whole strip has never been comprehensively collected in English until now! Fantagraphics Books is proud to bring this classic Disney creation to a 21st century audience in its entirety, starting from the strip s 1930 launch. Relive Mickey s race to a gold mine with Pegleg Pete hot on his heels; Mickey s life on the lam after being framed for bank robbery; even Mickey s ringside battle with a hulking heavyweight champ! The premiere volume features a dozen different adventures starring Mickey, his gal Minnie and her uncle Mortimer, his pals Horace Horsecollar and Butch, the villainous Pegleg Pete, and the mysterious and shrouded Fox. Gottfredson s vibrant visual storytelling has never been more beautifully reproduced; we promise the best reprinting the strip has ever seen, with each daily lovingly restored from Disney s original negatives and proof sheets. Death Valley also includes more than 50 pages of fascinating supplementary features, including rare behind-the-scenes art and vintage publicity material from the first two years of the strip. Critics, scholars, seasoned Disney archivists, and fellow cartoonists provide commentary and historical essays on the strip s creation and execution. Walt Disney often said that his studio s success all started with a Mouse Walt himself wrote the Mickey Mouse strip before turning it over to the able hands of Gottfredson and today Mickey is among the world s most recognizable icons. Now it s time to rediscover the wild, unforgettable personality behind the icon: Floyd Gottfredson s Mickey Mouse.
