15733160:::::Meditation on Space-Time:::::Meditation on Space-Time is a strong pick for those seeking a metaphysical twist with plenty of humor about life -Midwest Book Review "Great lyrical novel... A rich, intricately plotted story." - Mike Bresner, author, All I Want for Christmas "Literary, Metaphysical, Thought-provoking." - Mallory Heart Reviews Even as Father Lawrence was hearing the stranger s confession, he dreamed of probability waves, black holes and temporal loops. He came to Gilead to search for his friend Camellia, not to hear about this penitent s vices: seducing women, framing rivals and laundering church-funds. After he had chased the penitent through the sanctuary into the church graveyard and lost the man, he found a note that revealed a connection to Camellia. When he learned that Camellia was pregnant with this man s child, he knew the time to play ostrich was over. But ever since the girl whom he had counseled, committed suicide, he preferred distancing himself from others than engaging their struggles. And ever since falling out with his best friend, he preferred contemplating the duality of space-time to sorting out his own joy and grief and love and hatred. If only he could free himself from his emotional scum if only he could marshal the courage to polish off his search for enlightenment He would discover the hidden identities behind each face and Camellia s helping the villain to bring him down. When faced with betrayal, he would lock himself in his cabin and struggled between retreating to his meditation on space-time and confronting the villain. He would renounce his vow and learn to equate a dollar with a cheeseburger. He would buy a gun without knowing how to load the magazine. He would search for his enemy. But when faced with the gun barrel, Father Lawrence would have to contemplate death only to hear the three shots that saluted the dark night Either mercy or justice; either salvation or friendship. Either choice: a flawed solution for a fallen man in a broken world. Meditation on Space-Time, A Novel portrays a man s struggle to discover his identity in contemporary society, to sacrifice for his friends and to take the road less traveled. For readers who would eat up the hero s every morsel of laughter and tear as if each were bittersweet chocolate. While sifting through clues to the characters true identities and hidden agendas. Leonard Seet has left no literary devices on the table to narrate his tale I was enthralled by the pure beauty of the writing among all the plot points. The scintillating writing is elegant, pure, grownup, originally cast, heartfelt, intelligent The writing is simply breathtaking brilliant bit of poetic science If you prefer intelligently crafted novels, then do yourself a favor and by all means read this unforgettable novel by Leonard Seet: the writing is to die for. -David Lentz, author, Bloomsday: the Bostoniad
