36038734:::::The Hackers Code: The Great Prison Escape Project And Ways to Fly High in Life:::::The Hackers Code is a great work of non-fiction inspirational book. In fact it is not just inspirational book but a lot to do with many essential parts of life. This book The Hackers Code is written to teach people that many of us are living life in some kind of prison. and this prison is present in our mind in the form of our belief, thoughts, behaviors and emotions. Many of us have dreams of our own and we give up on those things. and there are reasons for those. and there are blockages for those. Amazon Link to this wonderful book is : The Hackers Code: The Great Prison Escape Project And Ways to Fly High in Life: A. K. MARS: 9781522072942: Amazon.com: Books The Hackers Code by A.K. MARS. is release world wide and is available in the respective Amazon country websites in both kindle and paperback format. This book is one of the rare book in its own kind that teach us to be successful and teach us to really thrive in any part of our life. Let us see in details what and why these book has been written. Why This Book? -A large group of people are living in some kind of dreams; their ideal life; Unworked; Untouched; Unfulfilled. - People are in constant dilemma of subconscious confusion; leading their dreams nowhere and untouched. Current occupation, societal situations, unproductive habits, false assumptions, and behaviors become the blockage. This entire thing act as soldiers of enemy and surrounds people and they don t seems to find any escape from these unknown prisons. - A large group of people lacks the proper knowledge, techniques and coaching to live productive, progressive, and authentic life style. - The purpose of this book is to provide the missing ingredients of life education hence empowering people to actualize themselves and live an optimum life. Expectation from book, - Understand the wider aspects and concepts of Life and their own Self. - Build the knowledge and expertise of the working and practical principles of Nature (spiritual as well as material side of nature) so they can design, develop and nurture their own life by their own terms, choice and will. As part of this, they will also be able to consciously craft their Life goals and work practically upon the process of accomplishments while having the answers of Why, What and How. - Gain practical knowledge of meditative and energy-based techniques that they can apply in their regular schedule and transform their life so they can become more Productive, Mindful and Authentic. What the book provide through content s: - Knowledge of the key Laws of Nature in the spiritual and materialistic realm and will also provide open concepts about how everything is linked with each other. - A uniquely selected and carefully crafted short correlated inspirational stories, to support the other concepts and techniques provided in the book, about the life of legends from various fields and countries, which will further help them to closely develop the concepts and best practices. - Consciousness about unproductiveness, ambiguity, distraction and disturbances (lower focus and energy) based daily life scenarios. This book further provides the consciousness based concepts, hacking and lifestyle techniques to deal with such situations.
