1507006:::::Legend:::::Go down a river of no return, toward a fateful meeting with an animal that predates mankind s existence by ninety million years---after a treasure that has captured man s desires for centuries. This is what Legends are made of. The year 1533: Sent by Francisco Pizarro, Captain Hernando Padilla and his small Spanish expedition found the legend that men had only dared to whisper. In a lost valley deep in Brazil, he discovered what had driven men of greatness into sheer madness: El Dorado, the largest gold deposit in the world, hidden away from the march of time, preserved as the pristine Eden of wondrous sights and forgotten people. But what he found wasn t just gold. Instead, Padilla and his crew awakened a devil hidden in the lost valley, a beast of the Amazon who rises from the mother of all waters to viciously kill any who threaten the secret of the long-vanished Incas. But one soldier survives the bloody savagery and, before dying, shares his story with a lone priest in Peru. A secret the Vatican quickly buried away. The Present: Professor Helen Zachary is searching for a hidden legend, buried deep within the Amazon Basin---a great beast who has survived there since the dawn of time, a being ready to plunge modern science into a world of darkness. And into this darkness, Professor Zachary and her team vanish. Now a letter from a colleague of Zachary s sends the Event Group, led by Major Jack Collins, chasing down the professor s lost expedition and into the legendary darkness of the Amazon. Dedicated to discovering the truth behind the myths and legends propagated throughout world history, the Event Group---an agency within the U.S. government that officially doesn t exist---ensures that mistakes from the past are never repeated. They are a dedicated collection of the nation s most brilliant men and women of science, philosophy and the military. Using cutting-edge technology exclusively designed for the Event Group by the U.S. military, they travel from Brazil to the Little Bighorn, from Columbia to the hallowed grounds of Arlington National Cemetery. As they do, the Event Group faces mounting opposition from several different adversaries bent on either discovering the whereabouts of El Dorado . . . or trying to bury the legend forever. Praise for Event Golemon puts his military experience to good use in this promising debut sure to satisfy fans of The X-Files . . . the plotting and hair s-breadth escapes evoke some of the early work of Preston and Child, and the author's premise offers a rich lode of materials for inevitable sequels. --- Publishers Weekly "Imagine mixing in a blender a Tom Clancy novel with the movie Predator and the television series The X-Files . . . . Readers who enjoy nonstop action and lots of flying bullets will enjoy Golemon s first book in a projected series. ---Library Journal The Roswell Incident--- whether legend, fact, or some combination of both---has inspired countless novels and movies over the years, but David Lynn Golemon s Event peels back the layers of Roswell with refreshing originality. The action is spectacularly cinematic, the characters compelling, and the story is a flat-out adrenaline rush that pits real-world, cutting-edge military technology against a literally out-of-this-world threat. Even better, the Event Group itself is one of the best fictional agencies to arise in the literature of government conspiracies. ---New York Times bestselling authors Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens Fans of UFO fiction will find this a great read, and fans of military fiction won t be disappointed either. ---SFSIGNAL.COM
