10973495:::::Women R Stupid & Men R the Reason:::::For centuries men and women have been at each others throats about who is right and who is wrong. We end up blaming each other for our struggles and failures because we as people just don't get "it." How many times are we going to be blind about our own inconsistencies, insecurities and misfortunes in life despite having 20/20 vision? The violence worldwide has gotten out of control especially in our inner cities and at the end of the day it's most likely because of something foolish like: hating on someone, lack of finances, or losing touch with the more important things in life. We no longer listen to each other nor do we communicate effectively. We live in a society where settling and playing our position is accepted but why? When was it ever cool to be someone's "Baby Daddy or Mama"? When was it okay to be "Boyfriend or Girlfriend #2"? Why don't young men and women dread the word marriage? How do people get over bridges? When is it a good time to start dating again after suffering heartbreak? Why are people not taking responsibilities for their own actions? What if there was a book talking about overcoming failures, bad decisions and falling down? What if you could take a journey through the head of a bachelor who has seen it and all and done it all? I have a hidden agenda. I want people to know that everything from love to friendships can be solved by looking at yourself in the mirror first and then trying to "save" the world. Throughout this book I will try my best to dig deep and then dig even deeper not just with the topic of relationships but life in general from being who you want to be and not what people want you to be. From throwing away your past to getting rids of the R.A.A.T.s in your life and even visiting a place where our society needs to shut down for good "Little N***A University." We have all lost touch of why we were put on this earth. "Women R Stupid &amp; Men R the Reason" teaches us the meaning of a true courtship and how to prevent and stabilize certain situations in your life and relationships. Start down the path to a better you-now.
