13122690:::::A Laird for All Time:::::After ten long years of education and residency, Dr. Emmy MacKenzie feels the time is long overdue for a vacation. A little me time. A little alone time. But when traveling the British Isles, a twist of fate at the gates of the ancient castle of Duart hurls Emmy more a hundred years into the past and into the arms of a magnificent highlander who thinks she is his long-lost wife, Heather MacLean! The ten years since his new bride abandoned him on his wedding day had brought Connor MacLean, earl Strathclyde, nothing but misery and bitterness but that is nothing compared to the anger he feels when she shows up at his front gates on the 10th anniversary of that day. Determined to punish her for the humiliations she dealt him, he is shocked when his wife claims mistaken identity and insists that she is not his wife at all! Endeavoring to cling to his anger, Connor finds he cannot deny the new attraction he feels for his mysterious wife and soon he is wanting nothing more than to take her in his arms and make her his. With no choice but to play the part of the long lost Heather MacLean, Emmy cannot help but wonder how any woman could ever leave Connor MacLean, a man unlike any she had ever known. A man who thrills and challenges her. A man to love forever. Questions of destiny plague Emmy making her question her very life as she wavers between the desire to return to her own time and the hope for a life with her earl. She begins to question what she really wants out of life. And who can give it to her. But Emmy s isn t the only secret lurking in Duart Castle. Painful secrets will be revealed. Not only hers but that of another. When the truth of Heather MacLean s disappearance comes to light more than Connor s life might be destroyed. Choices will have to be made. Forgiveness begged. Second chances taken not just for the people of Duart, but for Emmy herself. But will she risk it all to have her laird for all time? With a special sneak peek into Taken: A Laird for All Time Novel
