11385079:::::Carpe Bead'em:::::**eFestival of Words 2012 Women's Fiction Winner From USA TODAY Bestselling Author Tonya Kappes** Orphaned at a young age, Hallie Mediate was raised by her (slightly) crazy Great Aunt Grace on the wrong side of the tracks in Cincinnati. Hallie dreamed of escaping her hometown and never looking back. After putting herself through college, landing her dream job in Chicago, and starting a romance with her handsome running partner Bo Pompillio, life is finally exactly as she wants it. That is, until she s transferred back to the hometown. Not wanting her past to cross paths with her future, Hallie puts her relationship with Bo on hold. When she arrives in town, Hallie finds crazy Aunt Grace rummaging through a dumpster looking for the perfect welcome home gift for her niece. That s just the beginning. After that, Aunt Grace stays busy by dying her stolen poodle s hair pink and leaving the dog on her apartment roof to pee, throwing bricks out the window at passing neighbors, and climbing every flag pole to kiss the ornamental eagle. Hallie finds some sanity at a local jewelry-making class where she uncovers a hidden talent for beading. When her talent is discovered by a major department store jewelry buyer, Hallie realizes that what she had in Chicago might not have been her dream life after all. When faced with the choice of moving back to Chicago and Bo or taking a leap of faith to start her own jewelry company (with Aunt Grace in tow), Hallie has to make a decision. Will she let her past and her future collide, or will she or keep searching for the happiness she may already have found? Biografie bearbeitenl schen Biografie "Carpe Bead'em is fun with a capital F. It's sad, funny, inspiring, quirky, and great chick lit! It shows that you never know what's round the corner, and anything's possible if you just take a chance on life! Perfect summer reading." Bestselling author, Sibel Hodge "I loved how Tonya Kappes was able to bring her characters to life." Coffee Table Reviews "I loved this book. Grandberry Falls is my kind of town and I for one would love to live there and get to know all the local folks. I enjoyed reading this book and can't wait to read the next book about Grandberry Falls by Tonya Kappes. I have added Tonya Kappes as one of my new favorite authors." Jean Segal "I love it when I pick up a book because of its cover and the story to follow is just as great or better. That's what happened here." Stephanie Overton "I read this in a day and loved it! You felt that you were part of Grandberry Falls. The small town folks who know everyone and know everything about someone in a matter of hours." Avid Reader "This book was fun, entertaining and good to the last page. Who knew reading auras could get Olivia in so much trouble? Sit back, smile and cozy up to Splitsville.com, where Olivia does the dumping for you. There's heap loads of humor, a dose of magical realism, sprinkles of romance, and mystery when someone ends up dead!" Author Lisa Lim "I was looking for something different and easy to read...meaning nothing too involved, something that if I put down could come back to and remember all the characters and where I left off at...well I didn't put it down I finished it in a day... what a great read !!" Cimarron Tonya Kappes is an Amazon Mover and Shaker bestselling author of women's fiction and cozy mystery. When she's not writing about quirky characters and even quirkier situations, she's busy being the princess, queen and jester of her domain which includes her BFF husband, her three teenage
