13421433:::::Finding Ava:::::Held captive in a room built just for her, Ava Kelley crouches in the dark corner, waiting for the mad man who has spent years following her every move. She never knew he was patiently waiting for his opportunity to make her his forever. If it were not for the memories of Sean s warm smile to hold onto through her captors brutal attacks, she might never have had the strength to try and escape. As her heart is beating louder than the breaths she tries to silence, she watches as the blackened room lights up, and evil appears in her sights. She has but one opportunity to escape. Once she does, she can never look back and never stop hiding because Spencer Jefferis will never stop looking for her. She is his obsession, she is - his. Sean Grant finds himself in the midst of a new career, which has taken years of hard work. Now movie roles are abundant, women are clamoring to simply be noticed by him, his private life is available at every newsstand, and he can now be seen at every theater available. As one of the most sought after movie stars of the day, Sean s life should be easy, but thanks to his mother meddling in his love life, it has become exceedingly difficult, and yet, he still cannot find someone to erase the memories of her. It has been years since that chance meeting in New York, it was but only a few minutes, but he continues to hold onto the memories of those blue eyes. His attraction for her grips him like no other and if not for his meddling mother, Sean would have never been able to find Ava again. Finding Ava is only the beginning. Holding her after her nightmares, kissing her tears away, Sean struggles to keep Ava safely hidden from the mad man that is fixated on possessing her. How do you keep someone you love hidden, when the lenses of hundreds of cameras follow your every move? It is a maddening effort but with the help of a mysterious old man, Sean receives the words of advice that may help save her life. Find out more about this book and read preview chapters at www.findingava.com
