17303150:::::Licensed to Thrill Sampler:::::Dear Friends, It might be better if I didn t confess this right up front. But I thought you should know.... WARNING: Licensed to Thrill is a nefarious plot. How so? We want to entice you to read more of my books the way chocolatiers ply me with irresistible morsels and wineries waft swoon-worthy samples under my nose. Like the famous potato chips, we hope you won t be able to stop after reading this collection of special gems not gathered anywhere else. Fiendishly clever, isn t it? Exactly. We need to give you enough to whet your appetite and draw you in, but not so much that you ll no longer be hungry for more. A fine line. Tricky. Challenging. Fun! Here s what we selected for your reading pleasure in Licensed to Thrill: A Diane Capri Sampler Fatal Enemy, featuring the new heroine I really love Jess Kimball. A fiery woman, driven by her own past to fight for crime victims the justice system failed. Jess reminds me of Jack Reacher, only female, smaller, and nicer. Jess is alone in the world wherever she goes. But unlike Reacher, Jess's mission is one only she believes in and only she can complete. In Jess s shoes, could you do what she s done? I wonder.... Jess Kimball s story continues in the sample of Fatal Distraction, which opened as the Amazon #3 Bestselling Legal Thriller, behind John Grisham. What a thrill that was for me. (Why? Hang on I m getting to that.) Behind the Book scoop on my friendship with #1 worldwide publishing phenomenon Lee Child who calls my work, "Full of thrills and tension, but smart and human, too." Lee gave the Hunt for Reacher series an enthusiastic two thumbs up: Kim Otto is a great, great character. I love her! Don t Know Jack garnered #1 Amazon Bestseller spots on the Mystery, Hard-boiled Mystery, Police Procedural, Women Sleuths, and Legal Thriller lists both in the U.S. and U.K. The sample here should whet your appetite to find out what happens when two F.B.I. agents are tasked with the mysterious and confounding task of hunting Jack Reacher. What does law have to do with justice? We lawyers are an odd bunch and the law is a very strange mixture of the best and the worst of times for heroes and villains alike in my Justice Series of witty legal suspense mysteries. All six of these are set in Florida, so if it s a bit cold where you are right now, take a little trip with me to the Sunshine State where things are a whole lot warmer. Readers and reviewers alike love this series, but when the mystery reviewers at Romantic Times awarded Wasted Justice their coveted "Top Pick" -- well, all I can say is what a rush!
