20360471:::::The 12 Subs of MacMas - Part 1 - Jan/Feb:::::A '69 Styles of Tartan' E-book by A.B. McKINLEY This fly-on-the-wall book-u-mentary follows a year in the life of New York City based Playboy/Dom Craig MacMasters, and the women that use his services. Born in Scotland and a former member of the British military, MacMasters, or 'MacMas' as he's known to his friends is an intimidating man. Standing 6ft. 5in. tall and weighing around 240 lbs, the ruggedly handsome dark-haired, blue-eyed Scot is extremely popular with the lonely and submissive ladies of the 'Big Apple'. In this book, you'll see how his 'service' works, along with some of the information from the questionnaires that his potential 'subs' fill in before they meet him. The detailed descriptions of the actual meetings come mainly from MacMasters himself, although some of the women involved, did willingly share information with us about their experiences. Excerpts:- ... Sorry is not good enough lass. It was a simple instruction and you disobeyed me. You have to be punished, he growled, as he let go of her hair and gripped her waist, pushing her upper body forward with his other hand so her forearms were resting on the mattress. She was still standing but was now bent over the bed, her naked shapely ass exposed... ... There s no point struggling lass, you re mine now. I m going to play with your body and there s nothing you can do about it, he whispered as he stroked her cheek. Again she was silent, but he could tell she was really turned on. She was at his mercy, naked and tied to the bed, in a vulnerable position... *WARNING* This book contains material and language of an adult nature. There is strong sexual content. If you are offended by this or anything BDSM or fetish related then please do not read it. This is not a 'Happy Ending' Romance book - if that is what you prefer then please try my KILTED DESIRE series. Also - Please be aware that this is a "Short Story" which contains just over 5000 words.
