13451563:::::The Single Woman's Sassy Survival Guide: Letting Go and Moving On:::::As we weather the choppy waters we call Life, it s a decision we will face time and time and time again: Do we cling to a situation that s taking us under out of fear of letting go of the familiar or do we open our hand and let go of that friendship, that relationship, that job, that opportunity, or that grievance that we ve been clinging to, realizing that to flail around uncertainly for a season is all a part of discovering our destiny? How do you know so much about letting go and moving on? You might ask. What makes you the expert? Well, I m not an expert. Let s get that straight. I m not a guru. I m not a psychologist or a psychiatrist or a counselor or a fortune teller or the Great and Powerful Oz. I am a single woman. Just like you. Maybe you re not a single woman or even a woman. Maybe you re just someone who needs to release someone or something that s holding you back from being your best self and living your best life. And that s okay, too. As I say on my Twitter page and on my website on a regular basis, anyone looking for inspiration and motivation is welcome here. Anyone looking to leave the past behind and shine is welcome here. And anyone who holds out for the best and refuses to settle for less is welcome here. Married, single, female, male, old, young, gay, straight. Come one, come all! Just like you - I am a friend. A sister. A daughter. An aunt. I have loved and lost. I have grieved and clung. I have let go and moved on. Sneakers or stilettos, I ve been in your shoes and I know every step of the journey. Perhaps even better than any guru or expert or counselor or fortune teller. I am the best friend who will tell you what you NEED to hear and not what you WANT to hear. I am the big sister with the shoulder to cry on when it seems like the rest of the world has turned away. I hope to be the Cruise Director who guides you full steam ahead through the often choppy and turbulent waters of letting go and moving on directly to the white sandy beach of life AFTER letting go and moving on. Do you see me? I m waiting for you there, fruity drink with the little umbrella in hand. So what does this actually look like, this letting go and moving on thing? What are the steps? What does it mean? And how do you know when it s time to throw in the towel call it a day and walk away? In The Single Woman s Sassy Survival Guide to Letting Go &amp; Moving On, we ll cover the five major areas of life that we often find ourselves needing to let go of: Relationships, Friendships, Jobs, Opportunities, and Grievances. How are we going to do it? By examining the five benchmarks for letting go and moving on: the Who, the What, the Why, the When, and the How. At the end of each chapter, we ll review the Five Fabulous Finds from that section for you to take away as daily affirmations, pick-me-ups, or sassy reminders to get you off of What Might Have Been Highway and back on the road to letting go and moving on. So sit down with your computer, your iPhone, your iPad, or whatever other technological device you happen to be reading from and let s have some good old-fashioned girl talk. Kick off your shoes, grab a glass of wine and let s turn the page and leave the past behind. Shall we?
