18801823:::::Children of Saba:::::*As Featured in The Best African Fiction of 2013 - The Guardian Newspaper UK* What if an ancient race responsible for throwing shadows on time's dawn bequeaths one family with a legacy so powerful it could end all existence as we know it? What if the darkest and most primeval power in the universe seeks that heirloom for itself? What if the family has little clue of their inheritance but are forced to seek it after they re brutally torn apart from each other? And what if their enemy will not be stopped in the past, present or future until it has the enigmatic legacy in its control? That's the Munene family s problem, specifically that of seventeen year old twins Mwenda and his sister Kendi. After their parents are kidnapped by a sworn enemy who seeks their long lost and forgotten family secret, the Munene twins are forced into hiding at their grandmother s remote farm on the edge of the Kenyan savannah. Under the growing cloud of darkness that seeks to envelop the earth, Mwenda and his sister Kendi meet a mysterious man - The Guardian Monk - and are catapulted into the past, almost 3000 years back in time. They find themselves in the magnificent Kingdom of Sheba where they re plunged into a quest discover their family s legacy - a mystery so primeval and unutterable that it has faded from the present-now. They join forces with the fiercely beautiful Queen of Sheba and the elite Mero Nthaka warriors in battling a dark, ancient enemy who seeks her throne and access to the twins secret. Caught in throes of an epic conflict, the twins realise that that their quest involves the key of S may, a most powerful object that their ancestors - the enigmatic race of the First Men - believed could forge a path between the divine and human. The twins eventually learn that they are the only two people on the earth - past, present and future - who can sway the outcome of a foreordained chain of cataclysmic events that are linked to their family s present predicament and could catastrophically affect all three dimensions of time. From the hurried streets of Nairobi to the empty expanse of the great a - a r al-Kubr desert, CHILDREN OF SABA by Kenyan born author, N.K Read, takes you on an exploration of Africa never seen before. Get lost in the magnificence of Africa s stunning landscapes and its vanishing tribes, immerse yourself in the magic of this great continent s regal past and discover an unforgettable story. 'Children of Saba' recreates the glory and majesty of a prodigious continent, appealing to lovers of the Chronicles of Narnia and Lord of the Rings series. It is the untold story of Africa, one that re-imagines the legacy of a vast ancient race responsible for throwing giant shadows upon the dawn of time; a chronicle that leaps beyond the boundaries of the present and transcends the parameters of the origins of the Earth.
