22825351:::::The Sons of Adam:::::The Sons of Adam is the highly-anticipated sequel of the international best seller The Immortal Collection , the first part of A Saga of the Ancient Family , the successful immortal series that has captured the hearts of millions of teen and adult loyal readers in the US, UK, Australia, Canada and Europe, as happened before with the Urban Fantasy and Paranormal Romance Series "The Mortal Instruments" by Cassandra Clare, Teen &amp; Young Adult Series "The Hunger Games" by Suzanne Collins, dystopian novels like Divergent by Veronica Roth, and the Contemporary Fantasy Romance Trilogy "All Souls" by Deborah Harkness. THE SONS OF ADAM (A SAGA OF THE ANCIENT FAMILY BOOK 2) "The past always comes back to haunt a longevo. The unexpected return of Gunnarr, the son that Iago thought had died in the battle of Kinsale in Ireland in 1602, will change the peaceful life that Iago del Castillo and Adriana Alameda had built for themselves in Santander, Spain. But Gunnarr won t be the only person from his past that Iago will have to come up against. Prehistory, Europe: L r travels across a devastated land looking for the clan of The Sons of Adam and their legendary matriach, Adana, who, it is said, never grows old. 800 AC, Denmark: Gunnarr tells Adriana about his first years of life and how he became a berserker, a member of a dangerous ang legenday group of Viking warriors. 1620 AC, New England: Urko boards the Mayflower, where he meets Manon Adams, a strong woman who will leave her mark despite the passing of time. The Ancient Family travel through the millennia to discover that thay have been persecuted since before their birth . THE IMMORTAL COLLECTION (A SAGA OF THE ANCIENT FAMILY BOOK 1) "Filled with science, history, and passion, A Saga of the Ancient Family transports the reader through time and space, from the days of cavemen, through the vikings, to the charming plazas of contemporary Spain. Ancient history meets cutting-edge research in this Science Fiction romance and sweeping historical and Immortal saga. When Adriana, a brilliant young archaeologist, accepts a position at the Museum of Archaeology in her hometown of Santander, Spain, she never imagines that her new boss has lived through the history she can only study. Iago, the charismatic technical director of the museum, is more than ten thousand years old but appears to be only thirty-five. Iago and his family are longevos people who never seem to age after reaching adulthood. The ancient family is divided: Iago s brother and sister seek the source of their longevity in hopes of creating more like themselves, while Iago and his father fear the repercussions of the true Fountain of Youth".
