141860:::::The Science Fiction Hall of Fame: Volume 1:::::If you own only one anthology of classic science fiction, it should be The Science Fiction Hall of Fame: Volume One, 1929-1964 . Selected by a vote of the membership of the Science Fiction Writers of America (SFWA), these 26 reprints represent the best, most important, and most influential stories and authors in the field. The contributors are a Who's Who of classic SF, with every Golden Age giant included: Isaac Asimov, Ray Bradbury, Arthur C. Clarke, John W. Campbell, Robert A. Heinlein, Fritz Leiber, Cordwainer Smith, Theodore Sturgeon, and Roger Zelazny. Other contributors are less well known outside the core SF readership. Three of the contributors are famous for one story--but what stories!--Tom Godwin's pivotal hard-SF tale, "The Cold Equations"; Jerome Bixby's "It's a Good Life" (made only more infamous by the chilling Twilight Zone adaptation); and Daniel Keyes's "Flowers for Algernon" (brought to mainstream fame by the movie adaptation, Charly ). The collection has some minor but frustrating flaws. There are no contributor biographies, which is bad enough when the author is a giant; but it's especially sad for contributors who have become unjustly obscure. Each story's original publication date is in small print at the bottom of the first page. And neither this fine print nor the copyright page identifies the magazines in which the stories first appeared. Prefaced by editor Robert Silverberg's introduction, which describes SFWA and details the selection process, The Science Fiction Hall of Fame: Volume One, 1929-1964 is a wonderful book for the budding SF fan. Experienced SF readers should compare the table of contents to their library before making a purchase decision. Fans who contemplate giving this book to non-SF readers should bear in mind that, while several of the collected stories can measure up to classic mainstream literary stories, the less literarily-acceptable stories are weighted toward the front of the collection; adult mainstream-literature fans may not get very far into The Science Fiction Hall of Fame: Volume One, 1929-1964 . --Cynthia Ward Introduction Robert Silverberg in A Martian Odyssey [Tweel] Stanley G. Weinbaum nv Wonder Stories Jul 34 Twilight [as by Don A. Stuart; Dying Earth] John W. Campbell, Jr. ss Astounding Nov 34 Helen O Loy Lester del Rey ss Astounding Dec 38 The Roads Must Roll Robert A. Heinlein nv Astounding Jun 40 Microcosmic God Theodore Sturgeon nv Astounding Apr 41 Nightfall Isaac Asimov nv Astounding Sep 41 The Weapon Shop [Isher] A. E. van Vogt nv Astounding Dec 42 Mimsy Were the Borogoves Lewis Padgett nv Astounding Feb 43 Huddling Place [City (Websters)] Clifford D. Simak ss Astounding Jul 44 Arena Fredric Brown nv Astounding Jun 44 First Contact Murray Leinster nv Astounding May 45 That Only a Mother Judith Merril ss Astounding Jun 48 Scanners Live in Vain Cordwainer Smith nv Fantasy Book #6 50 Mars Is Heaven! Ray Bradbury ss Planet Stories Fll 48 The Little Black Bag C. M. Kornbluth nv Astounding Jul 50 Born of Man and Woman Richard Matheson vi F&amp;SF Sum 50 Coming Attraction Fritz Leiber ss Galaxy Nov 50 The Quest for Saint Aquin Anthony Boucher ss New Tales of Space and Time, ed. Raymond J. Healy, Holt, 1951; F&amp;SF Jan 59 Surface Tension [Lavon] James Blish nv Galaxy Aug 52 The Nine Billion Names of God Arthur C. Clarke ss Star Science Fiction Stories #1, ed. Frederik Pohl, Ballantine, 1953 It s a Good Life Jerome Bixby ss Star Science Fiction Stories #2, ed. Frederik Pohl, Ballantine, 1953 The Cold Equations Tom Godwin nv Astounding Aug 54 Fondly Fahrenheit Alfred Bester nv F&amp;SF Aug 54 The Country of the Kind Damon Knight ss F&amp;SF Feb 56 Flowers for Algernon Daniel Keyes nv F&amp;SF Apr 59 A Rose for Ecclesiastes Roger Zelazny nv F&amp;SF Nov 63
