7276331:::::Best in Hollywood: The Good, the Bad, and the Beautiful:::::The sheriff of Hazzard County is finally gonna spill the beans about those darn Duke boys! Actor James Best's autobiography. He writes, "You can share with me the Golden Age of Hollywood, when movies had unequaled World Class. Now solidly in my eighties, I'm one of the few living actors who can hope to tell of the past glory and glamour of Hollywood as the industry really was way back when. "This was the Hollywood where I lived, loved, and worked during the time when she was the ruling queen. This was the time of a wonderful movie industry, where genuine actors and actresses created truly entertaining musicals, comedies, dramas, and action for an eager moviegoing public. "Even in those glorious golden days of Hollywood, my attempt to be a big winner was never all sunglasses and autographs. I tell how I survived in a sometimes cruel town where a lifelong dream can be fulfilled or broken in a heartbeat. I didn't escape without my share of scars. "I've written this book for those who might enjoy reading about the experiences of a very lucky ragtag orphan from Kentucky. I thank God for the opportunities given me. I was blessed to be adopted and to be given both a desire to work hard and, just as important, a love of fishing. I've been in a few scraps along the way, but I've done my level best to become a successful actor and to grow as a person. "If you're curious about the good, the bad, and the beautiful of Hollywood, including The Dukes of Hazzard and many other adventures-it's all in this book. I simply tell my story as I've lived it. I hope you enjoy it." 324 pages and illustrated. James Best appeared in many films, including Winchester '73 (1950), Abbott and Costello Meet the Invisible Man (1951), The Caine Mutiny (1954), and Forbidden Planet (1956). His extensive American television appearances include Wagon Train (three times), The Adventures of Kit Carson (twice as Henry Jordan), the Western anthology series Frontier (twice), Sheriff of Cochise, Pony Express, Rescue 8, Behind Closed Doors, The Texan, The Rebel, Bonanza, Gunsmoke, Have Gun Will Travel, Trackdown, The Barbara Stanwyck Show, Tombstone Territory, Whispering Smith, Stagecoach West, The Twilight Zone episodes entitled "The Grave," "The Last Rites of Jeff Myrtlebank," and "Jess-Belle," Wanted: Dead or Alive, Overland Trail, Bat Masterson, Alfred Hitchcock Presents, The Man and the Challenge, Combat!, The Mod Squad, I Spy, The Fugitive episode entitled "Terror At High Point," and In the Heat of the Night. KEYWORDS FOR ALLAN James Best, Dukes of Hazzard, Winchester '73, Abbott and Costello Meet the Invisible Man, The Caine Mutiny, Forbidden Planet, Wagon Train), The Adventures of Kit Carson, Frontier, Sheriff of Cochise, Pony Express, Rescue 8, Behind Closed Doors, The Texan, The Rebel, Bonanza, Gunsmoke, Have Gun Will Travel, Trackdown, The Barbara Stanwyck Show, Tombstone Territory, Whispering Smith, Stagecoach West, The Twilight Zone, Wanted: Dead or Alive, Overland Trail, Bat Masterson, Alfred Hitchcock Presents, The Man and the Challenge, Combat!, The Mod Squad, I Spy, The Fugitive, In the Heat of the Night, Hollywood, cinema, films, movies, Westerns, Western, film, movie, actor, film history, television history, science fiction, biography, biographies,
