22089601:::::A is for Abstinence:::::"It may have been four years, Kyle, but that doesn t mean I don t remember how you operate." I snatched her hand as she reached to open the door to the studio. I wasn t ready to end this moment alone with her. "You don t think I ve learned a few things since then?" She smirked and shook her head. "New tricks. Same dog." It was impossible not to take her words as a challenge. I pushed her back until she was pinned against the door and leaned in close enough that our breaths mingled. Her eyes snapped wide the same way they always had whenever I d invaded her personal space, and I watched, satisfied, as she sucked in a lung full of air and held it. "That mentality will be your downfall this time around, Val." I leaned in, letting my lips linger at her jawline for a moment too long before bringing them to her ear. "Same old tricks," I whispered. "New man." With that, I kissed her cheek and breezed past her into the studio, leaving her flustered and in need of another moment to collect herself all over again. Best selling YA romance author Kelly Oram takes her first dive into new adult romance with this heartfelt and hilarious tale of a rockstar and a virgin. Rockstar to the core, Six-time Grammy Award-winning musician Kyle Hamilton has it all money, fame, talent, good looks, and a job he loves. His only regret in life: walking away from a certain notorious virgin because he was too prideful, stubborn, and even afraid to give her the only thing she asked of him his abstinence. Four years and a broken heart later, Kyle realizes that sex isn t everything, and he suddenly can t stop thinking about the girl that got away. Virgin Val Jensen got under his skin like no one else ever has. He wasn t ready for her then, but things are different now. He s grown up, he s learned a few things, and he s finally figured out exactly what he wants, or, rather, who he wants. Kyle Hamilton wants a do-over, and this time he s willing to do or not do whatever it takes. Note from the author: A is for Abstinence is the second and final installment in the V is for Virgin series. While V is for Virgin was a young adult book, A is for Abstinence is a new adult romance and was intended for a more mature audience. Not only is this story told from the perspective of a notorious bad boy, the characters have grown from the first book and are older now. The book was written with a more mature audience in mind. It's still PG-13 (I don't write graphic sex scenes) but it's not as clean as my YA romance. Please keep that in mind if you're a sensitive reader or thinking about passing it to your teenage daughters. Complete series: V is for Virgin A is for Abstinence
