18246803:::::Wheel Wolf:::::Jack Bailey is just a few weeks away from beginning his dream career as Forest Ranger in the upstate New York town of Angel's Bend. Jenny Rudea, veterinarian in training, is madly in love with Jack, and the animals she cares for. On the way home from her house one night, Jack takes an unanticipated detour to Hosner Lake to bolster his courage and contemplate how he'll ask Jenny to be his wife. While there, he encounters something that raises the hair on the back of his neck. What is out there on the other side of the lake? Is it a shadow, a hunter, an animal? Without a weapon or a flashlight, he is not about to stick around to find out. He hops on his bike and heads for the main road where something leaps onto his back, causing the accident that steals his mobility, threatens his sanity. As if this isn't bad enough, when he wakes up in the hospital, paralyzed from the waist down, he has no idea what occurred on the lonely road, but is now a prime suspect in a murder investigation because of what was found almost pinned to his body: a naked girl whose throat has been slit. In his comatose state, Jack hears detectives interview Jenny at his bedside. He eventually regains consciousness and is transferred to a rehab where he hopes to recover the use of his legs. The police are searching for a serial killer; bodies have been piling up across the country, as well as in Angel's Bend. While Jack struggles with his physical injuries, he must also defend his innocence. Jack manages to get in and out of the window of his room mysteriously, at will, even though he's in a wheelchair. The only one who notices his disappearing acts is his physical therapist, Rachel Huntress, who is almost as weird as the predicament Jack has found himself in. His extraordinary abilities, and changing appearance, don't seem to faze her at all. There are tense scenes which include violence and raw emotion in this whodunit. Who is the murderous werewolf? Jack? Or could it be his high school rival, Detective Don Delgado. It's anyone's guess. Along with bodies, there are several possible suspects. This killer is not part of a pack. He's a ruthless rogue. The story is stunningly intense, with gripping internalization from Jack's and Jenny's points of view. Packed with romance, suspense, twists and turns, this unpredictable, psychological thriller, will have you on the edge of your seat from page one until the bittersweet conclusion.
