16137839:::::Nailed: Ten Christian Myths That Show Jesus Never Existed at All:::::Why would anyone think Jesus never existed? Isn t it perfectly reasonable to accept that he was a real first century figure? As it turns out, no. NAILED sheds light on ten beloved Christian myths, and with evidence gathered from historians all across the theological spectrum, shows how they point to a Jesus Christ created solely through allegorical alchemy of hope and imagination; a messiah transformed from a purely literary, theological construct into the familiar figure of Jesus in short, a purely mythic Christ. Praise for David Fitzgerald s Nailed: Ten Christian Myths That Show Jesus Never Existed At All Fitzgerald s is possibly the best capsule summary of the mythicist case I ve ever encountered with an interesting and accessible approach. Earl Doherty, author of The Jesus Puzzle Fitzgerald summarizes a great number of key arguments concisely and with new power and original spin. I really learned something from him. Recalls classical skeptics and biblical critics. A surprising amount of new material. Robert M. Price, author of Deconstructing Jesus and The Incredible Shrinking Son of Man David Fitzgerald reveals himself to be the brightest new star in the firmament of scholars who deny historical reality to Jesus of Nazareth. His brilliance would have been sufficiently established had he done nothing more than illustrate and explain traditional arguments with a clarity and transparency never achieved But he has done more. He has developed new arguments and insights as well... Frank R. Zindler, editor of American Atheist Press and author of The Jesus the Jews Never Knew Fitzgerald has hit the nail on the head A nice, readable introduction to the top ten problems typically swept under the rug by anyone insisting it's crazy even to suspect Jesus might not have existed. Richard C. Carrier, Ph.D., author of Not the Impossible Faith: Why Christianity Didn t Need a Miracle to Succeed and the forthcoming book On the Historicity of Jesus Christ David Fitzgerald is a writer and historical researcher who has been actively investigating the Historical Jesus question for over ten years. He has a degree in History and was an associate member of CSER, the former Committee for the Scientific Examination of Religion. He lectures around the country at universities and national secular events and is best known for his popular multimedia presentation "The Ten Thousand Christs and the Evaporating Jesus."
