23656346:::::Easy Love:::::Eli Boudreaux s family has built ships and boats in Louisiana for generations. He comes from a hard working, wealthy family and his empire is growing by leaps and bounds. At thirty, he is the youngest CEO to ever head Bayou Enterprises, co-chairing with his eldest brother. His head for business and his no-nonsense work ethic is also quickly making him the best the company has seen in generations. His staff admires him, women adore him and Eli s family is solid. But he s recently discovered that someone on the inside of his business is stealing from him and he s determined to find out who. Kate O Shaughnessy is hired by companies all over the world to slip inside and investigate every member of the organization from the CEO down to the custodial staff to find the person or persons responsible for embezzling. She s excellent at blending, becoming part of the team, and finding the weakest link. She s smart, quick-witted, and she s now been hired by Bayou Enterprises, specifically Eli Boudreaux. The attraction is immediate and the chemistry is off the charts, but Kate has heard all about Eli s playboy past and she has a job to do. Sleeping with the boss isn t a part of that job, even if just the sound of her name rolling off that Cajun tongue and the way he fills out a designer suit does make her sweat. Eli s southern charms surprise Kate. The man whose reputation labels him as a ruthless, callous womanizer is not the man she s coming to know intimately. He s generous, protective and makes her smile. Cracking through Kate s cool, reserved demeanor and discovering her love of sexy, expensive lingerie is a challenge Eli can t resist, but her sweet nature, love of family and sense of humor pull at him in ways no one else ever has. But when the person responsible for trying to single-handedly dismantle Eli s empire comes to light, and it s time for Kate to move on, to what lengths will Eli go to keep the woman he s fallen in love with by his side?
