21536711:::::The Nightingale Scripts:::::Welcome to the Nightingale Scripts. This book consists of a film script entitled Night And Day and the pilot episode for a TV series entitled White Gold Las Vegas. Please read and find out what my vision was for these two projects which were sadly never made. I ve decided to release them in book form because I believe that if we give up on our dreams that we give up on ourselves. Jason Nightingale (Still Undiscovered 2014) WHITE GOLD SERIES 1 SYNOPSIS Retired New York Mob captain Johnny Rizzo moves to Las Vegas, attracted in part by the glamour and excess of the city. Rich beyond his wildest dreams and too young for a retirement home, 35 year old Johnny finds himself in the Strip, on what originally was intended to be an extended holiday. Lucky enough to have come out of a life in the Mafia in one piece, and with the dangers of what he used to do in the past, Johnny finds unexpected peace in the world s gambling mecca. Contentment and happiness is an usual feeling for Johnny, and the main reason for this is Julia. Womanising and hard drinking Johnny finds himself in love for the first time in his life with the attractive and charismatic Julia. Three months later they are married and Julia is pregnant. Johnny never expected to be able to lead a normal life and finds it hard to hide his joy but unfortunately it all comes to an end when he is shot and dies Julia s arms. However this isn t where our story ends, it s where it begins for when Johnny s old partner in crime, Sebastian Romano, hears of his murder he leaves his luxury life in Florida and arrives in Las Vegas determined to have revenge on Johnny s killers. Sebastian and Johnny grew up together on the tough streets of New York. As kids they only had two ambitions, money and power. Johnny ended up joining the mafia and Sebastian became a corrupt NYPD officer. Together they became powerful figures in the New York underworld, and now Sebastian s only desire is for revenge. NIGHT AND DAY BY JASON NIGHTINGALE Night and Day is a criminal comedy centred around Ismail a hapless min-cab driver. Ismail is down on his luck, a bankrupt restaurant owner he is now forced to work Night and Day driving various clients around London until a chance meeting with Janet, a highly attractive client, lures him into the murky world of hi-tech crime and the Turkish mafia. Janet is an experienced hacker and well used by Turkish gang leader Mustafa Karadayi. Madly in love with Janet, the far from brave Ismail, in part forced by the police takes on Mustafa Karadayi s gang in a game of sleuth and wits. Most of the film s comic moments come from Ismail s lack of bravery in certain situations. Yet the irony is that he is risking his life for a woman he hardly knows. Ismail forms a plan, to play the police and the Turkish gang off, against each other, and therefore escape with Janet in the resulting confusion. Will Ismail s plan come off or will he and Janet be killed by the gangsters? Or will Ismail spend the rest of his life behind bars? Does Janet even love him? All is revealed at the end of this fast paced and entertaining film script.
