13260238:::::Hollywood Hypocrites:::::From the New York Times bestselling author of Obama Zombies comes a sharp and humorous critique of the Hollywood left. THE BOOK YOU RE ABOUT TO READ WILL PISS YOU OFF. Are you sick of self-important celebrities preaching against global warming, yet flying private planes to their countless homes? Fed up with lectures about charity and philanthropy from miserly rockers who will do anything for a tax break? Disgusted by leftist stars decrying the evils of the Second Amendment as their personal bodyguards pack more heat than a Chuck Norris kick to the face? The same Hollywood loons who got Barack Hussein Obama elected in 2008 will do so again in 2012. That is, unless we muzzle them. Four years ago, Republicans sat back like wimps and let Obama s celebrity-fueled cool machine steamroll them into electoral smithereens. This time, we must do the steamrolling. New York Times bestselling author of Obama Zombies and gonzo journalist Jason Mattera takes the first stand with Hollywood Hypocrites , as he slays the Left s sacred celebrity cows and teaches Obama s Tinseltown foot soldiers their most important lesson yet: No longer can they attempt to deny Americans the very liberties they use to catapult themselves to prosperity and stardom. In his trademark eye-opening, no-holds-barred, and hilarious style, Mattera puts scores of A-list celebrities, including Sting, Madonna, Bono, Al Gore, Alec Baldwin, Matt Damon, Cameron Diaz, Bruce Springsteen, and many, many more under the microscope to analyze whether they live by the same environmental, health, anti-violence, civil rights, and other policy prescriptions they seek to inflict on Americans. What he uncovers will shock you. Hollywood s megaphone is powerful, and the mainstream media s love affair with the president will roar back with a vengeance when their guy is against the wall. Anyone who thinks Barack Obama s abysmal first term will be enough to demoralize the Liberal Left Coast from flexing its mediated political muscle is a fool. It s time to recognize the marketing and fund-raising power the Hollywood Progressives wield. It s time to dig into the data and set the record straight. It s time to turn the media spotlight back on the image makers and prevent the Hollywood elite from hoodwinking American voters once again.
