18590111:::::Better Date than Never Boxed Set: Vol. #1, Books 1-3:::::The Better Date than Never Series, Boxed Set Vol. #1 Dating is so much easier when you have good friends to lean on. . . . This book bundle includes three contemporary romance novellas for one low price: Love at First Date, Book #1 Ellen s figured out that finding the right guy is all about compatibility. That s why she signs up for Detailed Dating the local online dating scene in Sacramento. They ask men the hard questions, compare their answers with hers, then she filters through the profiles of each provided match. After numerous email exchanges, she narrows it down to two promising candidates she s excited to meet in person. When Ellen s best friend asks her for a favor, dog-sitting leads to disaster and Ellen ends up at the local vet where she meets a man she can t get out of her mind. Henry isn t a logical choice, but she finds herself paying for dog obedience class to spend more time with him. Ellen knows that in order to have a lasting relationship, she should take the safe route and go for one of the pre-screened guys. But, how can she think with her head when her heart keeps begging her to give Henry a chance? Truth or Date, Book #2 Gina Hall is done with men who won t commit. Ten years waiting for her ex to propose wasted her time. Never again. When her friend Kristen starts a game of Truth or Dare, she dares Gina to go on a date with Ethan, who s amazing and total marriage material. As Gina plans the going away party for office playboy Chris Bradley, she spontaneously initiates a game of Truth or Dare with him. When his turn comes around, he dares Gina to pose as his girlfriend to help get a flirty colleague off his back. Gina finds playing couple with Chris way too much fun. Even though Gina and Chris are pretending, their relationship begins to feel painfully real. Fearing she might be falling for another fly-by man, Gina must focus on Ethan so she doesn t make the same dating mistakes all over again. My Last Blind Date, Book #3 It s Valentine s Day and Rachel Price has a choice: Stay home and watch TV with her loveable doggy or let her best friend, Ellen, set her up on a blind date. What to do . Ellen says the guy is a 10, but the last guy she set her up with was a 5. Rachel s been flirting with coworker Noah Peterson and she s hoping he s noticed. Then, she finds out Noah has big plans. Even worse, he advises Rachel to go on the blind date! Should she play it safe and spend the Hallmark holiday with her loyal pooch, Chester, or risk another dating disaster by trying yet again for love?
