10783349:::::Yesterday's Tomorrow:::::WINNER of the 2011 INSPY AWARDS in the Romance Category SILVER Medalist in The Reader's Favorite 2012 Awards (Christian Historical) FINALIST in the 2011 GRACE AWARDS (Christian Historical) She's after the story that might get her the Pulitzer. He's determined to keep his secrets to himself. Vietnam, 1967. Independent, career-driven journalist Kristin Taylor wants two things: to honor her father's memory by becoming an award-winning overseas correspondent and to keep tabs on her only brother, Teddy, who signed up for the war against their mother's wishes. Brilliant photographer Luke Maddox, silent and brooding, exudes mystery. Kristin is convinced he's hiding something. Willing to risk it all for what they believe in, Kristin and Luke engage in their own tumultuous battle until, in an unexpected twist, they're forced to work together. Ambushed by love, they must decide whether or not to set aside their own private agendas for the hope of tomorrow that has captured their hearts. A poignant love story set amidst the tumultuous Vietnam War. Beautifully crafted and thoroughly engaging!-DEBORAH RANEY, best-selling author ofthe Clayburn Novels and Almost Forever. Filled with action, emotion, and splendid imagery that captivates the reader from the get-go.-DON BROWN, author of Zondervan's Navy Justice series Exquisitely captures the feel of that time and place. Speaks to the very depths of your heart.--KATHI MACIAS, award-winning author of more than 30 books, including the popular Extreme Devotion series Spans seas and generations to report on the Perfect Love Who will never let go. Don't miss this poignant debut novel.-PATTI LACY, author of The Rhythm of Secrets Shows how even the most painful history can bring a future of beauty and redemption.-MEREDITH EFKEN, author of Lucky Baby A beautifully crafted love story with poignantly flawed characters...a story of redemption, of finding Place when the known world is upheaved into the unknown. -KATHRYN MAGENDIE, author of Tender Graces, Secret Graces, Sweetie, Publishing Editor, Rose &amp; Thorn Journal
