22977097:::::The Surprising Truth about Sales: A Holistic Approach to Closing a Deal:::::The Surprising Truth About SalesDealing with NoA Holistic Approach to Closing a Deal Selling takes a lot of persistence, resilience, and dedication. It also takes a drive and determination, but when individuals actually breakthrough in selling; they will have learned one of the most lucrative professions known to man. Thus, it truly pays to prepare your sales team in landing new sales; it is beneficial to you and your team alike. It is equally important to teach, train, and learn; all of which will tend to keep a team together longer and in some cases it may take some time before people have their breakthrough so, it is significant to show true and genuine support. The biggest challenges in sales is collecting and sorting through the mounds of "tips" and other good advice that are so common in sales know-how. My advice within this book is about what worked and works for me in various components of sales. This book gives a new twist on how to view the sales process, building up momentum one step at a time.The aim of writing this book is to provide supporting and opposing arguments related to sales operation, processes, and tasks within the organizations and agencies. The content within this book is based upon one's research; work in operational sales such as cold calling, business development, inside and outside sales in Europe and North America. You will read methods and strategies in online and off line sales.Great salespeople spend time helping prospects genuinely understand how a specific solution works for them. One will discuss about what works along with challenges in sales. Solution You will read tried and true strategies and tactics in cold calling, B2B business development, door to door sales, inside and outside sales. Solution BenefitsOnline and Offline Sales Tactics Strategies On How To Motivate Sales TeamHow Fortune 500 Organizations Operate in Landing and Increasing SalesBest Practices in Cold CallingDealing With Accent in SalesLanding a few thousand dollars in online salesBest practices of landing sales for E-commerce websitesMy tried and true strategies in salesAnd much more... About author Maria Johnsen holds a Master of Science degree in Human, Computer Interaction/Computer Sciences from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology. Her professional background and education is diverse and includes skills in areas such as sales, multilingual digital marketing, content writing, software design and development. In addition, she possesses the experience and education in the management of complex Information Systems. Maria is fully fluent in seven human languages and possesses experience in language instruction, tutoring, and translation. She has also developed a unique teaching method for fast learning. This method is applied in China and Norway. Currently Miss Johnsen works on her PhD research related to higher education. Maria writes fiction and nonfiction books in her spare time. Scroll up and grab a copy TODAY. Start dominating the online and offline world of business in your niche.
