28330738:::::Winter Tales:::::*A Christmas with the Prince* by T.M. Mendes Prince Zach has been married to the beautiful Anna for years. Not only do they have a little prince, but they also have a little princess on the way... and just in time for Christmas, too! Find out what happened to the prince and his beautiful bride and what crazy antics Princess Anna has found herself in this time in this hilarious holiday tale of the prince and his girl. *Candy Caine* by M.J. Thompson It s the countdown to Christmas and your favourite characters from Handcuffs, Kisses and Awkward Situations are preparing for the holiday season. Ryder and Nora have completed their first year of university, but is their relationship still standing strong? Baby Hamish is just over a year old now. So is his mother, Eve, still dressing him up as miniature foods? How is Mel doing with her studies? And who was that mysterious girl Caine started dating at the end of the story? Find out all about it and more in this short Christmas-themed novella! *Dragon Bloom* by Angelika Meyer After defeating the evil rider Haiden and his ruthless black dragon, Akira and Redemption are then off to their next quest finding the legendary red and black flower that grows once every winter, when the moon is high and the stars are bright. Will they actually find the priceless blossom? Or will Redemption land them both into yet another scrape? Find out in this delightful winter-themed tale of the Dragon of Legend and his Rider! *Hope and Nate's First Christmas* Olivia Harvard Several months after they finally got together, Hope and Nate are spending their first Christmas together with their families. Will they survive the holidays more in love than ever? Or will hyperactive children, long-standing family issues, and meddling relatives get in the way of their holiday celebration? *Almost Meeting Mr. Mogul* by Mel Ryle In this short Christmas special, find out how Andy's and William's path crossed or almost crossed years before the events of Meeting Mr. Mogul.
