264390:::::How I Taught My Grandmother to Read and Other Stories:::::Sudha Murthy's How I Taught My Grandmother to Read and Other Stories provides lessons for life through its twenty-five, splendidly written stories. Sudha Murthy has even picked out anecdotes from her own life to present to the readers a book that shows them the forgotten values of life.How I Taught My Grandmother to Read and Other Stories is filled with heart touching tales varying from one about how her grandmother asked the then twelve-year-old author to teach her the alphabet. Sudha talks about her encounter with J.R.D Tata. Each of the twenty-five stories in the book provides some inspiration to its readers.The stories are presented in an effortless and humorous fashion. Sudha Murthy recounts tales from her life in a simple yet engrossing manner. The stories range from her childhood to her life as a teacher and a mother. The book shows readers how her mother's constant advice on saving money actually helped Sudha when she had to start a company with her husband. It also features a story where the protagonist takes a train ride with the President. About Sudha MurthySudha Murthy, also known as Sudha Kulkarni, is a social worker and author.Other popular books written by Sudha are The Magic Drum And Other Favorite Stories, Dolla Bahu, The Old Man And His God, and Wise &amp; Otherwise (an audiobook).Sudha Murthy has tried her hand at both fiction and non-fiction. She writes in English and Kannada and so far, she has written a compilation of short stories, two books for children, nine novels, three separate non-fiction collections, three travelogues, and four technical books. She has been awarded the R. K. Narayan's Award for Literature (2006) and has also been the recipient of the Padma Shri award (2006).She was born in Shiggaon, North Karnataka in the year 1950. She is the wife of N. R. Narayana Murthy, the founder of Infosys Technologies limited and is at present, the Chairperson of Infosys. She is actively involved in social service and is a part of the Gate
