887161:::::Of Marriageable Age:::::A spellbinding story of forbidden love, spanning three continents and three decades. Set against the Independence struggles of two British colonies, Of Marriageable Age is ultimately a story of personal triumph against a brutal fate, brought to life by a multicultural cast of characters: Savitri, intuitive and charismatic, grows up among the servants of a pre-war English household in the Raj. But the traditional customs of her Brahmin family clash against English upper-class prejudice, threatening her love for the privileged son of the house. Nataraj, raised as the son of an idealistic doctor in rural South India, finds life in London heady, with girls and grass easily available until he is summoned back home to face raw reality. Saroj, her fire hidden by outward reserve, comes of age in Guyana, South America, the daughter of a strictly orthodox and very racist Hindu father. Her life changes forever on the day she finally rebels against him. ... and even against her gentle, apparently docile Ma. But Ma harbours a deep secret one that binds these three so disparate lives and hurtles them towards a truth that could destroy their world. Reviews 'A big book, big themes, an exotic background and characters that will live with you forever unputdownable.' Katie Fforde 'Beautifully and cleverly written. A wondrous, spellbinding story which grips you from the first to the last page I can't recall when I last enjoyed a book so much.' Lesley Pearse 'It's a wonderful panoramic story and conveys such vivid pictures of the countries it portrays I was immediately transported and completely captivated. A terrific writer.' Barbara Erskine 'From the first page I was hooked with this enchanting book unputdownable.' Audrey Howard 'A vast canvas of memorable characters across a kaleidoscope of cultures her epic story feels like an authentic reflection of a world full of sadness, joy and surprise.' The Observer --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.
