17981514:::::Don't Make Me Beautiful:::::Librarian Note: Alternate Cover Edition for ASIN: B00EZ5R78O . NEW YORK TIMES and USA TODAY BESTSELLING AUTHOR, ELLE CASEY, brings readers the romantic suspense novel DON T MAKE ME BEAUTIFUL. This story was inspired by true events. If you liked the movie "Sleeping With the Enemy", then you might like this story too. No one knew a woman lived there or that she even existed. A monster, living in darkness... At twenty-two, Nicole doesn't even look human anymore. The beast made sure of that. So she hides. A monster, consigned to a life of fear and solitude. This is all she deserves, she is quite sure of that. And then one day out of the blue, the autographed baseball caught by Brian Jensen at the latest Marlins game enters her prison and manages to turn her world completely upside down. Temptation comes in the form of pity at first, and then perhaps something more. Does she dare to believe the things she's told, that this is not the life she was meant to live? That being a monster is not her forever-fate? And will she be willing to risk everything, to reach out and accept the helping hands around her and share her deepest, darkest secrets? She knows only too well that hands can hurt. Finding out whether they can also heal is a risky proposition, especially when the beast is still out there. Looking for her. Content warning: Violence, foul language, and adult situations. Not meant for younger readers. A note from Elle about this book: A really long time ago, I read an article in a newspaper or a magazine (I haven t been able to locate the original) about a woman who was so badly beaten over a long period of time, she couldn t leave her house. I thought about that woman a lot over the years and about what her thoughts might have been, her fears, her reality and this book was my attempt to both exorcise those thoughts from my brain and also shed some light on a subject domestic violence that I feel should never be left in darkness.
