17285526:::::Vampire Box Set 8 Books:::::Eight bestselling vampire novels from #1 bestselling author, H.T. Night, including: Vampire Love Story (Vampire Love Story, #1) Josiah Reign is a lover and a fighter. Out for a simple jog, he happens upon a young woman who needs help. So Josiah does what he does best. He takes on her attackers...all five of them, in fact. Little does Josiah know that this one act of goodwill will introduce him to a very strange world, a world of dreams...and nightmares. The Werewolf Whisperer (Vampire Love Story, #2) For Josiah Reign, life as he knows it has been forever changed. In two shorts months he went from unbeliever to the "The Chosen" - savior of the Mani people (a vampire race that has been living underground for 10,000 years). Now Josiah must learn to control his powerful new body, all while understanding his destiny...and falling deeper in love. Forever and Always (Vampire Love Story, #3) Josiah heads for Europe to understand his gifts, where he trains with a very unlikely master. Soon, Josiah is fighting off enemies from all sides, all while his love, Lena. Along the way, two unsuspecting enemies surface and now Josiah needs to protect what is rightfully his. Vampires vs. Werewolves (Vampire Love Story, #4) Josiah is building his own Mani army to take on Krull for a future battle of epic proportions. Old and new loves reveal themselves as Josiah comes to terms with his destiny. Werewolf Love Story: Part One (Entwined #1, Part 1) Five Years before Vampire Love Story. It is 2006, and Tommy is training hard before his second mixed martial arts match. On a random night he runs across a sexy, mysterious woman named Sasha. Sasha turns Tommy's life upside down and out of control. On a chance encounter, Tommy befriends a vampire named Patrick. Both Patrick and Sasha change everything Tommy has ever known to be true. Werewolf Love Story Part Two (Entwined #1, Part 2) Tommy meets Maya, the woman of his dreams, and is able to make sense of his new reality. A young Josiah Reign befriends Tommy along the way, and Tommy has to inevitably face his true destiny of becoming a werewolf. Will Tommy choose his destiny, or become something no one had ever thought possible? The Rise of Kyro (Entwined, #2) Tommy is back. Now, he just needs to figure out what it means to be a werewolf while keeping it a secret from young Josiah, his enthusiastic fight prodigy with a superhero complex. Bad Blood They call him Spider. And people come to him when they have a problem. So when teenager Parker Cole approaches Spider at night school, he figures she's just another problem waiting to happen. But then she tells him about her father, who runs a cult called Cloudland based at the foot of mystical Mount Shasta, California. And then she tells Spider about her best friend, who is now dead, her body completely drained of blood. Spider wonders if the death is the work of a fellow vampire...or if he's now the target of a sinister game designed to lure him to Cloudland, where darker mysteries await.
