24453611:::::The Making of AJAY-"Every Man"-RELOADED-,A Time Will Reveal Novel:::::What qualifies a male to be seen as a man, comes from how he s viewed through the eyes of those in his world. Who that man is, stems from how he s reared. The lessons he s taught and the knowledge he takes from those lessons, will manifest as he grows and becomes the man that his world sees. Thus how valuable those teachings are to him, will translate to others by the way he lives his life. AJAY learned about his legacy from his father, his grandfather and the males in his crew. He learned to love his woman, unconditionally. That's what he saw and valued from his forefathers. He also learned how he was expected to carry out that legacy. He s a man now and he has done well. He s lived up to his expectations. He s a father now and the most important part of those lessons, have to now be passed on to his male seed. This is AJAY Jackson: The man, the husband and the father giving the legacy he grew from, over to his only son, lil AJAY. AJAY s main responsibility is to make sure his son grows up to be a stronger man than him. Which means his toughest job is before him. He has a junior who,s just as head strong and stern. But with even less patience for dishonesty. Lil AJAY already shows that he s honest, loyal and committed to the family s creed. The reader will learn of AJAY s early life, through his weekly talks with his son. Witness how lil AJAY gets to know how his father became the person, whom he views as simply, The Man. Lil AJAY is already curious about how his pops learned to love his mother Ebony, the way he s witnessed him doing, during his 6 years of life. This novel shows you how the man, we know as AJAY, was made and how through lil AJAY that "Every Man" legacy will continue. Every woman wants to be made love too, thoroughly. That s the only way she ll know she has you. But a real man won t kiss nor give that kind of treatment, to every woman. That s only for his one and only and the one he wants to have and hold, forever. Thorough love making is an art, son. That s something Jackson men are known for and you ll have to hold up for that name too. The art of loving a woman takes a lot of preparation. You have to study her, learn what she likes and what she doesn t like. Not every man can do that. Because he s never been schooled on what it takes to satisfy his woman. But my daddy told me and I m gonna make sure you know it too. Pussy will be coming at you, from every angle and direction. That s because of how you ll carry yourself. All men fuck. But only real men make love. I learned how to please my woman. Your mama is well taken care of. In ways you can see and ways you ll never see. My number one thought when I lay eyes on her, is what new ways can I please her and leave her smiling. I m thinking like that, even when she s not around. Don t ever leave the woman you love, wanting more. Because she ll find it somewhere, other than with you, if she has too. For a Jackson man, that s a no-no. We don t share our woman sexually, with anyone. She has to have morals. She has to be a woman who keeps you on your toes too. With positive shit. Good shit, that s for the betterment of you. She can only chastise you, when it s for your own good. You have to be man enough to know that she has the right to do that. The good ones just seem to know when to do it. To keep her faithful, you've gotta have the upper hand, long before the sex starts. A real man has it and maintains it, even after she submits to him. I have it and that s a fact. Good loving keeps your home peaceful. Keeps your woman smiling, in her place and happy. Good loving keeps the order in your relationship and in and in your life too. But your best loving is only for that, one woman. The one that you love.
