10860071:::::Cherub Boxed Set, #1-11:::::This volume includes; The Recruit , Class A , Maximum Security , The Killing , Divine Madness , Man vs Beast , The Fall , Mad Dogs , The Sleepwalker , The General , Brigands M.C. and Shadow Wave The Recruit CHERUB agents are highly trained, extremely talented--and all under the age of seventeen. For official purposes, these agents do not exist. They are sent out on missions to spy on terrorists, hack into crucial documents, and gather intel on global threats all without gadgets or weapons. It is an exceptionally dangerous job, but these agents have one crucial advantage: adults never suspect that teens are spying on them. James is the latest CHERUB recruit. He s a bit of a troublemaker, but he s also brilliant. And CHERUB needs him. James has no idea what to expect, but he s out of options. Before he can start in the field he must first survive one hundred grueling days of basic training, where even the toughest recruits don t make it to the end. Class A Drugs, cars and guns! Keith Moore is Europe's biggest cocaine dealer. The police have been trying to get enough evidence to nail him for more than twenty years. Now, four CHERUB agents are joining the hunt. Can a group of kids successfully infiltrate Keith Moore's organisation when dozens of attempts by undercover police officers have failed? James Adams must start at the bottom, making deliveries for small time drug dealers and getting to know the dangerous underworld they inhabit. He needs to make a big splash if he's going to win the confidence of the man at the top. Maximum Security CHERUB agents are highly trained, extremely talented and all under the age of seventeen. For official purposes, these agents do not exist. They are sent out on missions to spy on terrorists, hack into crucial documents, and gather intel on global threats all without gadgets or weapons. It is a highly dangerous job, but these agents have one crucial advantage: Adults never suspect that teens are spying on them. In Maximum Security, James s newest mission brings him to the sun-baked desert prison Arizona Max, home to 280 child criminals. One of them is the son of a weapons dealer who has been selling U.S. missiles to terrorists. If James can get the kid, CHERUB has a chance to stop the father. Getting into the prison is easy. Breaking out is the hard part. The Killing Leon is a small time crook who's ridden his luck for three decades. When he starts splashing big money around, the cops are desperate to know where it came from. James' latest mission looks routine: make friends with Leon's kids, infiltrate his home and dig up some leads. But the plot James begins to unravel isn't what anyone expected. And the only person who might know the truth is an eighteen-year-old boy. There's just one problem. The boy fell to his death thirteen months earlier. Divine Madness When religion goes bad... When CHERUB uncovers a link between eco-terrorist group Help Earth and a wealthy religious cult known as The Survivors, James Adams is sent to Australia on an infiltration mission. It's his toughest job so far. The Survivors' outback headquarters are completely isolated and the cult's brainwashing techniques put James under massive pressure to confirm. This time, James isn't just fighting terrorists. He's got to battle to keep control of his own mind. Man vs Beast CHERUB agents are all seventeen and under. They wear skate tees and hemp, and look like regular kids. But they're not. They are trained professionals who are sent out on missions to spy on terrorists and international drug dealers. CHERUB agents hack into computers, bug entire houses, and download crucial documents. It is a highly dangerous job. For their safety, these agents DO NOT EXIST. Mainstream animal protection groups have always stayed within the law, but a new band of radical liberationists argues that if humans and animals are equal, then it's right to kill or threaten one human in order to save the lives of many animals. In a new mission, James and the other CHERUB agents must go up against the most radical group yet in a daring and violent attempt to save hundreds of lives . . . including their own. The Fall When an MI5 mission goes disastrously wrong, James Adams needs all of his skills to get out of Russia alive. Meanwhile, his sister Lauren is on her first solo mission trying to uncover a brutal human trafficking operation. And when James does get home, he finds that his nightmare is just beginning. Mad Dogs The British underworld is controlled by gangs. When two of them start a turf war, violence explodes onto the streets. The police need information fast and James Adam has the contacts to infiltrate the most dangerous gang of all. The Sleepwalker 345 people are dead... An airliner has exploded over the Atlantic leaving 345 people dead. Crash investigators suspect terrorism, but they're getting nowhere. A distressed twelve year old calls a police hotline and blames his father for the explosion. It could be a breakthrough, but there's no hard evidence and the boy has a history of violence and emotional problems. The General Riots, robbery &amp; the biggest ever training exercise. The world's largest urban warfare training compound stands in the desert near Las Vegas. Forty British commandos are being hunted by an entire American batallion. But their commander has an ace up his sleeve: he plans to smuggle in ten CHERUB agents and fight the best war game ever. Brigands M.C. Every CHERUB agent comes from somewhere. Dante Scott still has nightmares about the death of his family, brutally murdered by a biker gang. Dante is given the chance to become a member of CHERUB, a trained professional with one essential advantage: adults never suspect that children are spying on them. Shadow Wave After a tsunami causes massive devastation to a tropical island, its governor sends in the bulldozers to knock down villages, replacing them with luxury hotels. Guarding the corrupt governor s family isn t James Adams idea of the perfect mission, especially as it s going to be his last as a CHERUB agent. And then retired colleague Kyle Blueman comes up with an unofficial and highly dangerous plan of his own. James must choose between loyalty to CHERUB, and loyalty to his oldest friend.
