17605317:::::Bound and Freed Boxed Set:::::Bound - an Andr Chevalier novel (BDSM Stories #1) The toughest case of Andre's Chevalier's career... John Taylor is a brilliant and sexy young man in need of BDSM training to curb his Dominant sexual tastes. But John is a deeply damaged soul, bound to his tormented past. Can Andr save him from himself? Submissive Kelly Flynn has a huge crush on John Taylor, and is restrained by troubling ties of her own. She is suffering from the "Fatal Female Flaw" when ordinarily sensible women fall madly in love with an unattainable man who can't, or won't love them back. There's no possible way Kelly can ever break through John's defenses to the tortured soul beneath... or can she? Freed With a deep phobia of small spaces, the last place Kelly Flynn wants to be is trapped in a dark elevator... especially with John Taylor, the handsome Dom she has a huge crush on. As her fear threatens to overwhelm her, it becomes clear John will have to do something drastic to save her. Luckily, John is just the man to solve the problem. An experienced Dom, he knows everything about a woman's body, including how to bring it to soaring heights of pleasure. Both Kelly and John are caged by far more than just walls. Each has their own issues that bind them. Can they free each other? Stripped After escaping the elevator, Kelly Flynn goes home with John Taylor, the Dom she has a crush on. Why? Because she has fallen completely, madly in love with the man. And what woman in her right mind wouldn t fall in love with him? To Kelly s mind, John is perfect. Or is he? Punished Kelly Flynn is on an emotional roller coaster ride from hell. Saturday night she had hit a freakish all time low when she had been caught in a broken elevator. With a phobia of being trapped in small, dark places Kelly had totally flipped out when the lights went out and the elevator screeched and jerked to a halt. Luckily the Dom she had been crushing on all month, John Taylor, was there to save her. One thing led to another and Kelly ended up spending the night with John and having the BEST SEX of her entire life. Not to mention falling head over heels in love with the guy. Who unfortunately it turned out, was a complete nut job wacko bastard. Or was he? John Taylor is in fact, the ultimate Dom. He knows just how to deal with a disrespectful sub. What will John do? Because it is pretty clear by now, that Kelly won t get away with her behavior toward him. There is no question about it. Kelly will need to be punished. Connected Submissive Kelly Flynn's life is falling apart. John Taylor, her Dom boyfriend is wanted by the police for the brutal murder of his psychologist, a woman who was helping him deal with his childhood. Kelly is John's alibi, but the police don t believe her. Her parents don't believe her either, but she knows John. Madly in love with John Taylor, Kelly just doesn't know anything about his past. What is it that made him the way he is? Meanwhile, with John's solid alibi, the real killer is looking for another victim. Does the murder have Kelly's name on the top of his "To-do" list? Between her parents, John's past, the police, and the killer, Kelly's perfect love story is seriously feeling the strain.
