12847364:::::Fever:::::Fever is first book in the gripping Parallon Trilogy by award-winning author and illustrator Dee Shulman. Two worlds. Two millennia. One love . . . A fearless Roman gladiator. A reckless twenty-first-century girl. A mysterious virus unites them . . . 152 AD. Sethos Leontis, a skilled and mesmerising fighter, is unexpectedly wounded and lies dangerously close to death. 2012 AD. Eva is brilliant - but troubled. Starting her new life at a school for the gifted, a single moment in the lab has terrifying results. An extraordinary link brings Sethos and Eva together, but it could force them apart - because the fever that grips them cannot be cured and falling in love could be lethal . . . Can love survive when worlds collide and threaten time itself? www.feverbook.co.uk ' Full of twists , immaculately researched, it is very exciting and unpredictable' Independent on Sunday ' It's a great ride with evocative settings and intense emotion' SFX (4 stars) ' WOW ... that rare gem of a book that I can't stop thinking about and will read again and again...Outstanding! It's 10 times better than Twilight' Waterstones, Cardiff. ' Vivid . . . captivating and passionate' London and South East Libraries 'It's a page-turning intellectual teen read that ANY adult would enjoy. Open the page, open your mind and go with the flow. TIP TOP TERRIFIC !' Waterstones, Thanett ' Completely addictive and if I could have read it in one sitting I would have done . . . an excellent and compulsive read which has left me wanting more **** ' goodreads.com (4 stars) ' Oh my god! What a book . . . This is one of the best love stories I have read' Best Books (5 stars) 'I had my socks blown off by this book - it was so addictive and just so much fun! I stormed through it, loving every second . . .' The Book Addicted Girl Don't miss Delirium - the next instalment in the Parallon Trilogy About the author: Dee Shulman writes in a studio overlooking a school quadrangle that bears a striking resemblance to the one at St Magdalene's. She has a degree in English from York University and went on to study Illustration at Harrow School of Art. She has written and /or illustrated about 50 books, including the popular, highly original My Totally Secret Diary series. She has been translated into many languages, including Japanese, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, French, Welsh, Dutch, and Finnish. Her books have frequently been highly recommended in the press and on radio and she's been shortlisted for numerous awards. Fever is her first book for teenagers. Dee is based in London and is available for school, bookshop, online and festival events in the UK.
