17984619:::::Benjamin McTish and the Door Through the Grandfather Tree:::::One day Benjamin watches from behind the Rhododendron as a mysterious little woman steps out of a taxi in front of the cream colored house with the forest green trim next door, and in one synchronistic moment their eyes lock and a series of visual snippets of unfamiliar events unfold in his mind s vision. His razor sharp sixth sense allows him the freedom to explore the extrasensory messages coming at him like a derailed freight train. And when Benjamin finds a peculiar relic of a key in his grandmother s garden shed, he could never know his world was about to change forever. There is local legend in the small town of Grandlochcheshire that has been passed down for a 100 years about the mysterious disappearance of the Chickering family, that trails on the coat tails of the equally shocking abduction of the children belonging to the owner of the Skeffington Union Rails. The circumstances that follow this notorious tale enter into the modern world of Benjamin and his two best mates. Annabel and Mathilda, two sisters who have moved to Grandlochcheshire from America, have become more than mere friends to Benjamin, they have all become the three Muskydeers (Mathilda s mispronounced version of Musketeers, which was a huge laugh and of course it stuck), as they are plunged head first into this curious journey. In the Gilley Forest they discover that the path they have chosen is inundated with many obstacles as well as intrigue. Alliances are made with the Forest clan of Gnomes and with the aid of the Vila sisters, the three friends take on the test that is the Grandfather Tree. They must stay on the pre ordained Path of Prophecy, whose ancestry comes from the home of the oldest living beings on the planet, the Elves of the Darmon. However, this is no easy task for the Muskydeers as they have the foulest of sorcery hunting their every move, the powerful dark beauty, Tar Vigorn who will stop at nothing to gain entrance into the Great Tree. Through the Door and beneath the enchanted Gilley Forest lies the ever magical land of Coranim...a place of insight, thought and possibilities, with wondrous sites and magic galore. Once in Coranim the children make the acquaintance of the greatest Medicine Elder alive, Esmerelda Fet. A most powerful Light Sorceress with a brazen in your face attitude, and a thick Irish brogue, who guides the trio on their Path of destiny. However, dear reader, a path can change in the blink of an eye.
