21539242:::::Princess Lizzie and the Missing Magic Ball:::::Who says the prettiest of princesses can t also tap into the power of modern-day technology? Princess Lizzie is here to prove that tiara-wearing wonders, or any little girl today, can take on a tricky topic and bring about dazzling results. This super smart, spunky little royal looks equally good in jewels as she does with a phone in hand. And, she demonstrates to children that math, science, and technology are just as girl-friendly as castles and crowns. In this unprecedented new children s book series by Dr. Van, the courageous and compassionate young princess with a knack for math and science tackles challenging problems by making use of the latest technology, loyal animal friends from the Enchanted Forest Park, and even a bit of magic. A contemporary take on the fantasy and fairy-tale genre, this imaginative series serves up a new kind of female role model who proves that girls can be just as savvy about math, science, and technology as they can be about playing princess. Princess Lizzie can wear just as frilly a dress as the next princess, but she also has a love of the latest technology. She can also be as sweet as candy and just as tough when she needs to be. In Book 1: Princess Lizzie and the Missing Magic Ball, the brave little princess goes to great lengths as she tries to track down a beloved ball that has gone mysteriously missing somewhere in Enchanted Forest beyond her castle. To do so, she enlists the help of Elephant, a lobbyist Savanna Elephant from Africa; Cat, a stylish and straightforward feline from Paris; Frog, a go-getting, athletic green tree frog from Austin, Texas; and Monkey, the emperor monkey and loyal assistant to the princess. Not only will children learn that they don t have to be perfect to be pretty special, they will also learn that with Wi-Fi, wizardry, and plenty of wits, Princess Lizzie proves that any problem can be solved if you use your resources wisely, including the state-of-the-arts equipment, loyal friends, and a bit of magic, too. Inquisitive children and adults alike will be captivated by this whip-smart, compassionate young lady, who has a serious way with a wand and a keyboard! Kids will relish the adventures and friendly animals, while parents will enjoy the story lines and adult references. Ready to teach a young child that there are no bounds to his or her abilities? Join Princess Lizzie as she turns the tables on traditional ways of thinking, all while still shimmering with the best of them in her princess finery!
