30407811:::::Laid Bare:::::LAID BARE is Book 3 of this Smoldering BDSM Erotic Romance Series. He is the King of S&amp;M...and a much darker Dom! The Grand Mistress of the Master s Society arrives to make sure Enzio can still perform as a Dom after allowing himself to become emotionally involved with a client, as well as feeding into a stalker s obsession. Daring her to doubt him, with his voice low and coarse, Enzio instructs the Grand Mistress in a game he has chosen just for her, showing her a much darker Dom. Revenge may be a dish best served cold, but Enzio serves it up hot very hot after learning that Lana has been abused by her boyfriend, Jayce Harrison. Discovering that Jayce s father is a member of The Looking Glass, Enzio plans a very special night with the man s wife. Excerpt: Good evening, Mr. Harrison, Enzio said, or should I call you Jasper? Enzio! Jasper cheerfully spoke, Are you a member of The Looking Glass as well? Something like that, Enzio said with a wide smile. Jasper looked around nervously. Martha is here as well, but she s in one of the rooms. Enzio raised an eyebrow. It s something she wanted. That s good to know, Enzio said, smiling, wicked thoughts swirling in his mind. When Martha came downstairs, she grabbed her husband and began kissing him deeply. Enzio watched as Jasper licked the insides of her mouth and around her lips, and he noticed the small thin line of semen inside her mouth. Enzio looked at Martha and smiled, and she immediately recognized him. She blushed, embarrassed that she was wearing only a garter belt and stockings, and whispered something to her husband. Jasper spoke up, Enzio, we were wondering if you could accompany us to our house so the wife can talk to you about a donation to my campaign. When Enzio arrived, Jasper attempted to set a few ground rules. Enzio casually asked, What are your conditions? No kissing my wife, Jasper growled. Enzio smiled at him. I m going to f**k your wife, and I will f**k her hard. I will kiss her, and she will experience an orgasm that you have only fantasized about giving her. He handed Jasper a digital camera, You are going to watch and you are going to record it. Enzio grabbed him by the chin. That isn t a request! he spat. Jasper s wife removed her robe, and Enzio walked behind her. Sit on the bed, face the camera and spread your legs, he ordered, and she did as she was told. Jasper watched as Enzio slowly undressed. His body was tight and buff, and when he dropped his pants, out sprang eight thick inches of what Jasper could only dream of giving his wife. Enzio smiled at Jasper and told Martha to face her husband as he wrapped his arms around her from behind, gently kissing her neck. Then he picked her up and slammed her onto the bed. He spread her legs and licked the insides of her thighs. Enzio then looked directly at the camera lens, and with a wink and a smile he drove into her hard. When Enzio finished, he took the camera from Jasper s hands and focused it on Martha s face. Now kiss your wife, he ordered, but Jasper hesitated. Enzio yelled, Now! Jasper did as commanded, and Enzio made sure that he got a close shot of the couple kissing. As they began to become more intimate, Enzio turned the camera toward himself and winked. He smiled as he left the room. While he was walking down the corridor he saw Jayce s sister, Karen, walking into the pool house. Well, I did bring all of these lovely toys. Might as well put them to good use, he thought as a wicked smile came onto his face.
