10266883:::::Veterans of the Psychic Wars:::::THOUGHT IS MORE DANGEROUS THAN YOU THINK... Present-day Earth: Schoolteacher Roman Doyle - 25, is married; and his wife is pregnant. He remains unaware he is Prince Armon Sakara, heir of the Emperor of a distant galaxy. That is, until he encounters Chi-Ro Jin, a veteran of the Psychic Wars. Chi-Ro s mission is to return Roman to the Emperor. And so, with his dormant psychic and astral abilities awakened by an alien drug, Roman journeys to the distant galaxy known as The Cosmic Sea, where he joins the Second Psychic War: An interstellar battle between the forces of his father, the Emperor, and those of his uncle, the Baron. Torn between his princely responsibilities and those to his wife and unborn child, Roman discovers a shocking alien plot that threatens humanity. Reviews: "This is a great book! The actions starts in the first paragraph and doesn t stop until the last with no slowing down." ~ Tony-Paul ('A Splash of Scarlet' Blog). " Star Wars meets Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is a fine description of Veterans of the Psychic Wars, as long as you realize that the hero isn t a wimp like Luke Skywalker and that the amazing warriors of Crouching Tiger would be toast before this story hits its stride." ~ Clayton Clifford Bye (Professional Reviewer). " Veterans of the Psychic Wars is a heroic monomyth as described by Joseph Campbell in his book The Hero with a Thousand Faces ; as such, fans of Star Wars , The Matrix , or Dune should enjoy it. I highly recommend this book." ~ The Dark (Smashwords Reviewer) Veterans of the Psychic Wars was a real thrill to read It has everything a good story should have with various sub-plots, conflicted characters, interesting twists and edge-of the seat alien encounters. ~ Sonya Iovieno (Amazon Reviewer) "I highly recommend this book if you are a Sci-fi lover for it has everything you are looking for; Star Wars meets Enter the Dragon. Be prepared to be hanging off the edge of your seat wanting more." ~ Rayven ('Darkiss Reads' Blog). This is a well written and well thought out book [It has] some of the imperialistic feel of Dune (Frank Herbert), the ideas from the Matrix (training within dream worlds), the Primes within the Talents (Anne McCaffrey), and the technology of Babylon 5 and Star Wars. ~ Mike Thompson (Amazon Reviewer) I was thrilled to come across Veterans of the Psychic Wars. It really is a sweeping, old style space opera in form, but with a depth of detail and personality development beyond anything I have read in a long time The evolving personal interactions, not always positive, between friends, mentors and ambiguous allies old and new all serve to ground the narrative convincingly. It also has to be said, the ultimate enemies here are stomach-churningly gruesome. ~ Oana (Amazon Reviewer) About the Author: Wayne Gerard Trotman is a British writer, filmmaker, artist, photographer, composer and producer of electronic music. On his popular blog, Red Moon Chronicle, Trotman has interviewed Syd Mead, John Howe, Robert J. Sawyer, Kevin J. Anderson, Larry Fast, Linda Nagata, Michael R. Hicks, Jeremy Robinson, Fred Gambino and others.
