9442092:::::The Innovation Secrets of Steve Jobs:::::A "THINK DIFFERENT" APPROACH TO INNOVATION-- Based on the Seven Guiding Principles of Apple CEO Steve Jobs In his acclaimed bestseller The Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs author Carmine Gallo laid out a simple step-by-step program of powerful tools and proven techniques inspired by Steve Jobs's legendary presentations. Now, he shares the Apple CEO's most famous, most original, and most effective strategies for sparking true creativity--and real innovation--in any workplace. THE INNOVATION SECRETS OF STEVE JOBS Learn how to RETHINK your business, REINVENT your products, and REVITALIZE your vision of success--the Steve Jobs way. When it comes to innovation, Apple CEO Steve Jobs is legendary. His company slogan "Think Different" is more than a marketing tool. It's a way of life--a powerful, positive, game-changing approach to innovation that anyone can apply to any field of endeavor. These are the Seven Principles of Innovation, inspired by the master himself: Do What You Love. Think differently about your career. Put a Dent in the Universe. Think differently about your vision. Kick Start Your Brain. Think differently about how you think. Sell Dreams, Not Products. Think differently about your customers. Say No to 1,000 Things. Think differently about design. Create Insanely Great Experiences. Think differently about your brand experience. Master the Message. Think differently about your story. By following Steve Jobs's visionary example, you'll discover exciting new ways to unlock your creative potential and to foster an environment that encourages innovation and allows it to flourish. You'll learn how to match--and beat--the most powerful competitors, develop the most revolutionary products, attract the most loyal customers, and thrive in the most challenging times. Bestselling business journalist Carmine Gallo has interviewed hundreds of successful professionals--from CEOs, managers, and entrepreneurs to teachers, consultants, and stay-at-home moms--to get to the core of Steve Jobs's innovative philosophies. These are the simple, meaningful, and attainable principles that drive us all to "Think Different." These are The Innovation Secrets of Steve Jobs . An enhanced ebook is now available with 10 demonstration videos of Jobs' sure-fire innovation secrets. Select the Kindle Edition with Audio/Video from the available formats.
