24871159:::::Repeat Offender: Sin City's Most Prolific Criminal and the Cop Who Caught Him:::::Suspense Magazine named Repeat Offender "Best of 2015" in true crime. "If you like mayhem, madness, and suspense, Repeat Offender is the book to read. It s a provocative journey into a world one rarely uncovers, with shocking twists and turns that will keep you riveted! Aphrodite Jones, New York Times bestselling author of Cruel Sacrifice and host of True Crime with Aphrodite Jones on the Investigation Discovery Network Millions in stolen property, revolting sex crimes and murder-for-hire were all in the mix for a Las Vegas police detective as he toiled to take Sin City s most prolific criminal off the streets for good. Las Vegas Police Detective Bradley Nickell brings you the inside scoop on the investigation of the most prolific repeat offender Las Vegas has ever known. Daimon Monroe looked like an average guy raising a family with his diffident schoolteacher girlfriend. But just below the surface, you ll learn he was an accomplished thief with an uncontrollable lust for excess. His criminal mind had no bounds he was capable of anything given the proper circumstances. You will be revolted by Monroe s amassed wealth through thievery, his plot to kill Detective Nickell, a judge and a prosecutor, and the physical and sexual abuse to which Monroe subjected his daughters. "An action-packed, fast-paced true crime thriller from a real-life Sin City cop depicting his battle with a notorious, and dangerous, Las Vegas criminal. Steve Jackson, New York Times bestselling author of BOGEYMAN and MONSTER. "This will be the ride-along of your life. Repeat Offender takes you here, there and everywhere into the world of repeat offenders, cops, justice and injustice. The ultimate detective, Bradley Nickell, expertly takes you through it all with brilliance and dedication. The shocking conclusion helps the reader understand everything about the system all at once. Fasten your seat belts! Anne Bremner, high-profile attorney and internationally recognized television legal analyst "Career criminals are hard to catch and even more difficult to send to prison. Daimon Monroe met his match when he decided to prey upon the citizens of Las Vegas. Repeat Offender is a fascinating, behind the scenes look at an investigation and prosecution of a notorious criminal. You won t want to put it down" David Roger, District Attorney of Clark County, NV (retired) "Repeat Offender takes you deep into the belly of the beast of our legal system for an insight filled look at the dedication and perseverance required by police officers and prosecutors engrossed in the thankless tasks of keeping our cities, streets, and homes a safer place" Matthew J. Pallamary, author of Land Without Evil and Spirit Matters Repeat Offender is a true crime story written like a thriller, but it's also a memoir of sorts since the author, Bradley Nickell, is a main character in the events. You get to be there right with Detective Nickell as he investigated the crimes. You'll know his thoughts, suspicions and emotions. Get ready for the ride-along of your life.
