12935254:::::Autumn in My Heart:::::AUTUMN IN MY HEART- PUBLISHED BY TIMES OF INDIA Autumn In My Heart A Journey through Breakups, Lust and then Blossoms AVAILABLE IN AMAZON KINDLE : http://www.amazon.com/dp/B009D6PJTY Does love really end when you have a break-up? Does love always mean you have to be with the opposite sex? Can online friendships of today's generation lead to a lifelong relationship? Ayantika longs to become independent by becoming a bank officer whereas her mother wants her to settle down in an arranged marriage. She meets Deb online and friendship blossoms into love. In Autumn In My Heart , the author explores these areas and tries to find answers to some questions. The characters of Deb, Ayantika, Saurav, Tina, Vinod and Sagarika are finely etched and their changing relationships keep the reader spellbound. Hear their voices which will echo in your heart Deb, I will be waiting for you. You know I just did the waxing yesterday! Oh God! Pooja, not now! -A big flirt How much he was mad about her! And then it was all over. The razor shined the last unforgiving minute. A puddle of blood formed on the white carpet as Deb lay there, his soul still fighting to unite with his creator - An attempted suicide Ayantika s mother was shouting...this conversation had been going on for long...since last November and it was already April....I don t want to marry now mom, I have told you a million times...Please Dad, make mom understand - Arranged marriage blues Na Hanyate Hanyamane Sarire-Consciousness is eternal it is not vanquished with the destruction of the temporary body. My son, you need to seek the truth within yourself, and that will set you free Guru Lama s word And Vinod started his story... When Ashwini Uncle knocked the door, he was already all wet . And then All I could feel was the prickling of the moustache and my lips locked A confused Soul As the rain slowly kissed his face soaking him, he couldn t stop thinking about Ayantika and how much he loves her. It was difficult to look up as it had started raining heavily. He silently thanked someone, somewhere up above .Love never dies - A transformed Soul AVAILABLE IN AMAZON http://www.amazon.com/Autumn-In-Heart...
