18899386:::::Keeper:::::When denial mixes with obsession, it's a recipe for disaster ... Olivia Marshall's life was idyllic until it all came crashing down ten years ago. Now she's looking for a way out of the crushing reality that threatens to consume her. Biding her time and inching closer to the door of freedom, Olivia decides to run away to escape the increasingly belligerent man who won't let her forget their shared torment. However, she will discover he's not the only thing she's running from ... We really can be our own worst enemy. Nick Moretti saved Olivia's life all those years ago. They both lost everything that night and he's determined not to lose her too. After all, she owes him--everything. His motocross career gone, his first love lost, his life spent raising a girl when he himself hadn't grown up yet. No, he's hell-bent on recovering something from their shared tragedy, hell-bent on not forgetting the past, even if it threatens the present and their futures. He's determined to force Olivia to face the past and him. Jake McCloud is the quintessential playboy. He's not looking for love or a relationship. He's having way too much fun playing the field. Then a near accident puts Olivia in his path, giving him an alternate vision of a future he hadn't even known he wanted. Olivia is different from any girl he's ever met. She's not high maintenance, not clingy or possessive. In fact, she doesn't seem the least bit concerned whether he's interested in her or not, or even how long he stays around. He knows she's hiding something, but he can't figure out what it is. Whatever it is, he wants behind the wall she's clearly built to protect herself. Olivia Marshall is about to discover that sometimes the easy way is the hardest way out. (Mature themes and content for 18+) NOTE: Keeper, Book 1 sets the foundation for the three MC's and their ultimate collision course. There are many unanswered questions in this first installment. Book 2 contains the answers and Book 3 is the resolution.
