28175937:::::Quantos Rising:::::The world has been split into four colonies after a Great War in which knowledge, civilizations, and time were lost from the world. After five hundred years of recreation civilization is split into four colonies: those that live on the ground call their colony Damiroo ; those who live in underwater cities call their colony Retarctica ; those who live in floating cities that hover above the clouds call their colony Anotresphor ; and those who live in space cities following the same orbit as the moon around the earth call their colony Centralis . Quantos Rising , the first book in the series, follows the story of a former researcher Bruce in his attempts to save his city, El-Versium from the tyranny of the Damiroo military. Tragedy strikes in a remote city called El-Versium which becomes the war zone between the Damiroo colony s military and their project gone wrong, Lunar-Mount a threat detecting droid that destroys any potential source of danger with the highest threat levels relative to any around it. Now it s up to Bruce, a former researcher from the University of APEX s Research Facility in the city, New Middle, to shut down the droid before it destroys his home city, El-Versium with the aid of the Damiroo military who also became victims of the robot s malfunctioning. Accompanying him are Damien, a former Scientologist from the very same University facility, and Emilia, an intern at the El-Versium medical center. The FTP source coding stream was wiped out from the robot s programming so the trio has to dive right into the robot s system via Neuro-Surge injection: a technology designed by both Damien and Bruce which allows for the human subconscious to be plugged right into the heart of any computer systems which generates computer functionality in a real world representation. The trio must dive into the system and program the kill switch directly into the robot s system. Little do they know that this is yet just an cover-up operation to use the trio to further the military s project-QR; resurfacing a long since sunken city from before the times of the war which allegedly harbored civilization s largest King Solomon s Library and the T-16 weapons vault. The race is on!
