18053913:::::Mine to Take:::::Sometimes you want someone so much... Sometimes you need someone so much... Lust can become love. And love can turn into a deadly obsession. *** Skye Sullivan knows that someone is watching her. Not just watching - stalking her. Months ago, Skye was involved in a dangerous car accident. The accident ended her dancing career and sent her fleeing back to Chicago. Skye is convinced that her stalker caused the crash, and she fears that he won t stop pursuing her, not until she s dead. When someone breaks into her apartment in Chicago, Skye turns to the one man she believes can protect her - Trace Weston. Once, Trace was her lover. Two lost souls, they d come together in a firestorm of need and desire. But then Trace had pushed her away. He d joined the military, vanishing from her life. She d put all of her emotion into dancing, and she d tried to forget him. Now Trace is one of the most successful men in the United States. Rich, driven, and carrying dark secrets, he agrees to help Skye. He ll protect her from the danger that lurks in the darkness, but Trace wants more than to just be a guard for Skye. He wants her. And he ll take her. The years have changed him, hardened him. He s not just a poor kid from the streets any longer. Now, he can have anything - or anyone - that he wants. And the one woman he has always wanted has just come back into his life. He won t let her go again. But with the threats mounting against Skye, she suspects that her stalker may be intimately close. He s a man who knows her too well. As his attacks grow ever more dangerous, she realizes that if she trusts the wrong man, she could be making a fatal mistake. Lust. Love. Obsession. Just how far would you go in order to possess the one person you want the most? Author's Note: MINE TO TAKE is a sexy romantic suspense novella it contains approximately 41,000 words. MINE TO TAKE is intended for adults. Sexy situations and adult language will be found within the pages of this story - please consider yourself warned.
