17823022:::::The Falling of Love:::::Alternate cover edition for 9781300585831 You will never forget your first date, your first kiss, or your first love. You will also never forget how it felt when it was torn apart. Seventeen-year old Grace Hathaway does not give much thought to falling in love, until the day that Ian Taylor, rebel and misfit walks into her math class. From their first conversation, Grace is mesmerized by Ian's charisma and rock star fa ade. Ian Taylor, a seventeen-year old kid from the wrong side of the tracks tries to ignore the feelings he has for Grace, but is captured by her caring, non-judgmental personality from the moment they meet. Grace becomes Ian's everything and there is nothing he will not do for her. Hurting her was never part of his plan. The Falling of Love will take you on a sweet, emotional journey of two young adults falling in love for the first time, and then tear your heart apart when that love is threatened by dishonesty and betrayal. Reviews for The Falling of Love : This book was emotionally wrenching and really pulls at you. You get angry, you get furious and you definitely feel sad, but you also feel and see the love between Marisa's characters and you see the confusion her characters are experiencing because of the various hurdles. This is a book you don't want to miss!! The ending is in a word ... POWERFUL!!! I am so glad I had the opportunity to read it and will definitely be in my to be read again list! The reality of the story was intense and the emotions that it stirred were immense. Looking forward to more from this author! The Falling of Love is the first novel in a series of novels that will follow Grace Hathaway's life and personal struggles. Everyone has a beginning to their story and an end... This is the beginning of Grace's story. Please visit our Facebook page for updates on the series or to ask questions. Search for The Falling series of novels - by Marisa Oldham **Contains adult situations and graphic language. Mature readers only**
