12500899:::::The Squirrel that Dreamt of Madness:::::Alternate Cover Image: ASIN: B005JU92GO AWARDS Craig Stone's second novel Life Knocks was shortlisted for the world respected Dundee International Book Prize, and he has appeared live on the BBC. BOOK DESCRIPTION "The British author, Craig Stone, is as interesting a person as the characters he creates. Miserable at his day job, he decided to take a leap of faith. His path to success was all or nothing, victory or death. He quit his job and dropped out of the white-collar world with all its trappings and amenities. Unemployed, he had to give up his residence. With a sleeping bag and a sackful of clothes he headed to Northwest London's Gladstone Park, settling in among the homeless, transients, dog walkers and the occasional irritated park worker. His only solace, an A4 notepad and a pen. Like the author, the main character Colossus Sosloss also quits his job, becomes homeless and sleeps in the park. Colossus observes the other homeless who reside at the park. Many of them with treatable or controllable mental illness but, in the post-Margaret Thatcher England, such individuals are human refuse. Dumped into society to fend for themselves and spiral downward amongst the neatly-trimmed hedges and glistening, manicured lawn of the sprawling public space. The character's travails are reminiscent of a Lewis Carroll-type adventure with subtle Dickensian undertones. Which include a lost parrot and an unfortunate man named Squirrel. We follow Colossus on his journey to the edge of sanity, with humorous interjections and clever idioms. A hero's quest, that inevitably ends with subterfuge, realization and reflection. Today, no longer homeless, Craig Stone is probably one of the most promising young writers to grace the indie and self-publishing world. Though at 31, Stone is a surprisingly mature author who seems to transcend the generations. His literary work is suitable for the very young and for those who have lived an interesting life The Squirrel That Dreamt Of Madness is an imaginative tale that can only come from a brilliant, albeit delightfully demented, mind. Stone mixes humour with the cold, stark reality of life. Everything and everyone, is a metaphor for something either sinister or truthful. Gifted students may soon find this book on their required reading list for their advanced High School contemporary literature class. The author does not have a long laundry list of writers who inspired him, though he definitely channels some Steinbeckian qualities (the novel was written during the height of the Great Recession) and J.D. Salinger's, The Catcher in the Rye. Like Hemingway who retreated to the wild and lawless pre-Castro Cuba to pen his magnum opus The Old Man and the Sea, Stone chose to immerse himself in a colder and wetter climate to experience what his character had to endure. The old adage, you write what you know, still rings resonantly true. Stone certainly writes what he knows, and writes it exceptionally well." -enovelreviews REVIEWS "Genius. He has a fan for life because I loved, loved, loved this book. One of my top ten best books of all time." Author Dionne Lister. I find it hard to find books that genuinely make me laugh and this book is without a doubt the funniest thing I've ever read. I laughed so much that I had tears in my eyes. @wordsbywilliams "Best book I've ever read!" simmoon Absolutely one of the best books I have ever read. He is not only hilarious in his story telling, but he describes things in a most creative way you would never imagine Rebecca His disjointed, stream-of-consciousness writing reminded me of Hunter S. Thompson on a drug-induced rant. Author Marsha Cornelius INFORMATION ON AUTHOR CRAIG STONE INTERVIEW WITH BBC http://bit.ly/BBCComedyCafe THE DUNDEE INTERNATIONAL BOOK PRIZE http://www.dundeebookprize.com/ http://www.deadlinenews.co.uk/?p=51086 TWITTER https://twitter.com/robolollycop WEBSITE www.thoughtscratchings.com MESSAGE FROM THE AUTHOR The simple truth is, I will get nowhere without your help. I need readers to read The Squirrel that Dreamt of Madness, so if you are looking for a book to read, or wanting to try a new author, please try me. It would mean the world if you did. Thank You. Craig.
