4972618:::::The Leader in Me: How Schools and Parents Around the World Are Inspiring Greatness, One Child at a Time:::::Change your child's future starting today: Learn how to use Stephen R. Covey's proven 7 Habits to create a leadership program for kids of all ages so they can be more effective, more goal oriented, and more successful. In today's world, we are inundated with information about who to be, what to do, and how to live. But what if there was a way to learn not just what to think about, but how to think? A program that taught how to manage priorities, focus on goals, and be a positive influence? The Leader in Me is that program. In this bestseller, Stephen R. Covey took the 7 Habits that have already changed the lives of millions of readers and showed how even young children can use them as they develop. These habits--be proactive, begin with the end in mind, put first things first, think win-win, seek to understand and then to be understood, synergize, and sharpen the saw--are being adapted by schools around the country in leadership programs, most famously at the A.B Combs Elementary school in Raleigh. Not only does it work, but it works better than anyone could have imaged. This book is full of examples of how the students blossom under the program--the classroom that decided to form a support group for one of their classmates who had behavioral problems, the fourth grader who found a way to overcome his fear of public speaking and wound up taking his class to see him compete in a national story telling competitive, or the seven-year-old who told her father than they needed to go outside and play because they both needed to "sharpen the saw." Perfect for individuals and corporations alike, The Leader in Me shows how easy it is to incorporate these skills into daily life. It is a timely answer to many of the challenges facing today's young people, businesses, parents, and educators--one that is perfectly matched to the growing demands of our certain future.
