27160533:::::You Are a Badass: by Jen Sincero | A 20-Minute Summary:::::You are special. You are the only one; you re the only one like you. There isn t another in the whole wide world who do the things you do. ~ Barney &amp; Friends It s a children s song, but it speaks to even you and me. Have you had the feeling that you are not enough? That no matter what you do, there s always someone better than you? Have you ever wanted to be someone you are not in the hopes of getting what you want? Then, know this: You are who you are meant to be. You are special in your own way. You are a badass, and you will get what you want. Let Bern Bolo s summary of You Are a Badass by Jen Sincero help you see your awesome self and develop it to the highest degree of awesomeness. ---------- We know how valuable your time is, that is why we keep this summary short but concise. Quirky, refreshing, and realistic, the book, You Are a Badass by the success coach, Jen Sincero , will strip you of everything that holds you back and give you a kick right into the land of awesomeness and victory. Let this summary help you to take courage and leap into the giant unknown. You will get to discover the wonderful worlds that you were too afraid to discover before. This summary will help you: Release your inner awesomeness. Understand why you are you. Learn how the subconscious mind affects you. Learn how powerful the Universe is. Know what to do with other people s opinions. Have the right mental state towards being awesome. Learn to love yourself . Restructure your thoughts. Overcome obstacles to being awesome. Break free from the drama, worries, and fears. Accumulate more wealth. Understand how surrendering helps you get them all. More inside the summary: Compendious and relevant chapter summaries. Funny bathroom jokes at the beginning of each chapter. A guide to releasing your inner badass. Why you MUST READ this summary: Jen Sincero will take you to a journey where you will get to realize how awesome and great you can be with You Are a Badass: How to Stop Doubting your Greatness and Start Living an Awesome Life. You have to believe that you are absolutely great. Despite the failures and mistakes, you need to remember that you are destined for greater things. You can be the person you ve always wanted to be and can live the life you ve always dreamed of. Have faith in yourself and in everything good that is bound to happen. Stop doubting your greatness and start living an awesome life now! Bern Bolo s summary of Jen Sincero s You Are a Badass will help you get there in less time, in just 20 minutes! NOTE: This is a summary of You Are a Badass by Jen Sincero , NOT the original book.
