8986348:::::Novels by Chris D'lacey: The Fire Eternal, Fire Star, the Fire Within, Icefire, the Last Dragon Chronicles, Fire World:::::This is nonfiction commentary. Purchase includes a free trial membership in the publisher's book club where you can select from more than a million books without charge. Chapters: The Fire Eternal, Fire Star, the Fire Within, Icefire, the Last Dragon Chronicles, Fire World. Source: Wikipedia. Free updates online. Not illustrated. Excerpt: The Fire Eternal is a 2007 novel by an English author, Chris d'Lacey. It is the fourth book in his Last Dragon Chronicles. After writing The Fire Eternal Chris d'Lacey is now working on his new story, Dark Fire. Five years have passed since David Rain disappeared mysteriously in the Arctic. Slowly the ice is changing; bears are starving; dragons are rising;and the souls of the Inuit dead are haunting the skies.The spirit Gaia, goddess of the Earth, is restless, aching to bring her might down upon these changes. But all living things may suffer if she does. As the weather grows wilder and the ice caps melt, all eyes turn from the north to David's daughter, Alexa. She is the key to stopping it. . . .But can one girl save the world from the forces of evil or will she disappear like her father? The book opens with a short chapter about how the Earth, Gaia, is beginning to get restless, and then goes to explain Zanna's sadness about David being gone. She gives the invisible and shapeless dragon G'lant, which David gave to at the end of Fire Star, to her daughter Alexa. Since David's apparent death, Zanna has been trying to get back on her feet. She bought a New Age shop called the Healing Touch and is living with the Pennykettles in David's old room. While Zanna is at her shop one night, Lucy sneaks into her room, and steals a letter that Zanna wrote to David. Every year on Valentine's Day, the day that David died, Zanna writes a letter to David telling him all of the events that are going on in the house. When Lucy reads the letter, she feels the need to do something to tell the world that Dav...More: http: // booksllc.net/?id=1201426
