22107214:::::Souls Unfractured:::::"For fractured souls are like magnets. Drawn to collide into an impossible bliss " Labeled a Cursed woman of Eve from birth, Maddie has endured nothing but pain and repression at the hands of The Order s most abusive elder, Moses. Now living with her sister in The Hangmen s secluded compound, finally, Maddie, is free. Free from the suffocating faith she no longer believes in. Free from endless years of physical and mental torment. Just free At age twenty-one, the timid and shy Maddie is content to live within the confines of her new home safe from the outside world, safe from harm and, strangely, protected by the Hangmen s most volatile member; the heavily pierced and tattooed, Flame. Flame. The man who ceaselessly watches over her with his midnight dark and searing eyes. The man who protects her with a breath-taking intensity. And the man who stirs something deep within her numbed heart. But when circumstances conspire for Flame to need HER help, Maddie bravely risks it all for the broken man who has captivated her fragile soul. The Hangmen s most infamous member, Flame, is ruled by one thing anger. Plagued by haunting demons from his past, an all-consuming rage, and isolated by an abhorrent hatred of being touched, Flame's days are filled with suffocating darkness, pierced only by a single ray of light Maddie. The shy, beautiful woman he cannot purge from his thoughts. The woman he has an overwhelming need to possess ... the only person who has ever been able to touch him. Flame s mission in life is to protect Maddie, to keep her safe. Until a trigger from his troubled past sends him spiraling into madness, trapping him in the deepest recesses of his disturbed mind. His Hangmen brothers fear that Flame is beyond saving. His only hope of salvation: Maddie and her healing light. Dark Contemporary Romance. Contains explicit sexual situations, violence, disturbingly sensitive and taboo subjects, offensive language, and very mature topics. Recommended for age 18 years and over.
