17210807:::::Social State: Thoughts, Stats and Stories about the State of Social Media in 2013:::::Social State is your guide to the state of social media. In recent years, the web has gone from being a network of hyperlinked pages to a network of individuals. There are now over 1 billion people sharing their lives on Facebook; and that's only one of many social networks enabling and dictating how we connect, how we learn, and how we act. Instagram, Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Tumblr, and a long tail of social media services are transforming how we interact with the world around us. Everything we know is being re-imagined. In Social State, Esteban Contreras writes about the rapidly changing social media landscape. Social State is a visual, thoroughly-researched and in-depth exploration about the integration of life and technology; covering topics ranging from the implications of openness, virality, influence, and privacy, to the unique opportunities presented by social media marketing, social business, and social good. Social State is an honest, informative, and entertaining book written from a unique perspective. Esteban Contreras is an avid user, former Social Media Manager for Samsung USA, and current strategist serving Fortune 100s on behalf of enterprise SMMS tech startup Sprinklr, Inc. Born in Guatemala City, Guatemala, Esteban is also the founder of Social Nerdia Consulting, based in New Westminster, British Columbia. Esteban Contreras paints a picture of what the world is going to look like as social technologies become part of everything around us. Factual, opinionated, and current, Social State was written and edited in the fourth quarter of 2012. Whether you are an enthusiast or a skeptic about all things "social," this book is a one-stop shop packed with facts, stats, charts, and real-life examples. CHAPTER LIST: Introduction Social Media: Transforming Our Lives, For Better or Worse Chapter 1 The Social Universe: Life and Technology in Perpetual Beta Chapter 2 Facebook: Now Connecting Over 1 Billion People Chapter 3 Instagram: The New American Dream Chapter 4 Twitter: The MMS of the Internet Chapter 5 Google+: The Little Social Engine that Could Chapter 6 LinkedIn: A Network Building the Economic Graph Chapter 7 Pinterest: The World s Visually Social Pinboard Chapter 8 Tumblr: Part Blogging Platform, Part Meme Machine Chapter 9 The Social Long Tail: Startup Hype and the Search for the Next Blank Chapter 10 Social Media Election: How Obama Won the Presidency, Again Chapter 11 Virality: YouTubers, Hot Pockets and Klout Scores Chapter 12 Trust No One: Skepticism, Privacy and Trauma in an Age of Openness Chapter 13 Social Advertising: How Social Media Gets Paid Chapter 14 The New Customer Journey: Empowered Consumers and Advocacy Chapter 15 Social Storyteller: A New Kind of Marketer Chapter 16 The 3 C s of Social Media Marketing: Easier Said Than Done Chapter 17 Social Business: From Buzzword to Reality Chapter 18 Social Good: Changing the World One Tweet at a Time Afterword Trends and Predictions: Re-Imagining Social Media AVAILABLE ON: Amazon: http://bit.ly/socialstateamazon Apple iBooks: http://bit.ly/socialstateibooks Vook (including Nook downloadable file): http://bit.ly/socialstatevook OFFICIAL TRAILER: http://www.vimeo.com/estebancontreras... Learn more about the cover artist Diego Contreras at http://www.thisisdiego.net Learn more about the author Esteban Contreras at http://www.estebancontreras.com Learn more about the book at http://www.socialstatebook.com
