34925899:::::Spinning Black Hole Inside Our Earth:::::5th book in the new 5 book Trillion Theory cosmology series by Canadian theory author Ed Lukowich.This 45 page book is a brief summary (a small smattering) of Trillion Theory (TT), also known as T Theory. More in-depth T Theory is available in TT's 5 book cosmology series, via Amazon in Paperbacks and as EBooks. (Also inquire at Chapters book stores. See Ed's website: www.trillionist.com Please note that many TT ideas may be very alien when you first encounter them. For, 'Most great ideas were initially viewed as ridiculous.' Read TT in full to grasp how the neo concepts added together make sense. T Theory predicts, 'TT's new theories are simply ahead of their time. Astronomers/astrophysicists, are presently slowly moving towards discovering the secrets which T Theory writes about. Slowly, because their belief in the Big Bang halts their progress. That is the reason why T Theory is now reaching out to these experts; to speed up their cosmic discoveries as indicated by TT.' 'How our cosmos shows itself to us is a direct result of how it was contructed; not accidentally by a Big Bang, but rather from the deployment of black holes that worked long and hard to build all of the cosmic spheres and then organize and control the spheres into billions of solar systems inside of millions of galaxies.' The Trillion Theory (TT) book series (5 books), by self-made cosmology writer Ed Lukowich, is the story of how our cosmos incredibly grew from small beginnings a trillion years ago to 73 quintillion stars today. See website www.trillionist.com Spinning Black Hole Inside Our Earth, provides (in brief) new eye-opening answers to 4 great universe questions: -How did our Earth form into a sphere? -How did our Solar System get its formation? -How did our Milky Way Galaxy become a hotel hosting millions of solar systems, such as ours? -How did our cosmos evolve to its gigantic size? Ed's answers to these 4 secrets shows that a specific type of scientific design was used throughout the project of building our cosmos; a design feature seen within atoms, planets, solar systems, and within the billions of galaxies. The notion of cosmic design does set off a firestorm with many people. (Note: Detailed expanded answers can be found in Ed's 4 previous cosmology books. Also, note that the Ed Lukowich cosmology books only deal with the physical cosmos - these books do not deal with a spiritual side within our universe. For ideas on reincarnation, see Ed's futuristic novel Trillionist, under pen name Sagan Jeffries). www.trillionist.com Author Biography: About the Author: Ed Lukowich began writing his new universe theory books back in 1998. Now, he is the author of the following 5 book cosmology non-fiction book series: Trillion Theory, (the 1st book in the Ed Lukowich cosmology series). Trillion Years Universe Theory, (the 2nd book in the Ed Lukowich cosmology series). Black Holes Built our Cosmos, (the 3rd book in the Ed Lukowich cosmology series). T Theory Says: Who Owns Our Universe, (the 4th book in the Ed Lukowich cosmology series). Spinning Black Hole Inside Our Earth, (the 5th book in the Ed Lukowich cosmology series). Ed is also the author of a futuristic sci-fi novel entitled The Trillionist, which depicts the despicable actions of an older-than-dirt entity which deviously manipulates its planet along a path to disaster. Ed is a former World and Olympian curler and National Coach turned sci-fi cosmology writer. See website www.trillionist.com for his books and e-books.
