201114:::::Sold:::::Although Lakshmi's family is desperately poor her life still contains simple pleasures; but, when the harsh Himalayan monsoons wash away all the family s crops, Lakshmi s stepfather sends her away to take a job to support her family. When she arrives at Happiness House , full of hope, she learns the unthinkable truth: she has been sold into prostitution. An exceptional novel suitable for teens and adults. Lakshmi is a thirteen-year-old girl who lives with her family in a small hut in the mountains of Nepal. Her family is desperately poor, but her life is full of simple pleasures, like raising her black-and-white speckled goat, and having her mother brush her hair by the light of an oil lamp. But when the harsh Himalayan monsoons wash away all that remains of the family s crops, Lakshmi s stepfather says she must leave home and take a job to support her family. He introduces her to a glamorous stranger who tells her she will find her a job as a maid working for a wealthy woman in the city. Glad to be able to help, Lakshmi undertakes the long journey to India and arrives at Happiness House full of hope. But she soon learns the unthinkable truth: she has been sold into prostitution. An old woman named Mumtaz rules the brothel with cruelty and cunning. She tells Lakshmi that she is trapped there until she can pay off her family s debt then cheats Lakshmi of her meager earnings so that she can never leave. Lakshmi s life becomes a nightmare from which she cannot escape. Still, she lives by her mother s words Simply to endure is to triumph and gradually, she forms friendships with the other girls that enable her to survive in this terrifying new world. Then the day comes when she must make a decision will she risk everything for a chance to reclaim her life? Written in spare and evocative vignettes, this powerful novel renders a world that is as unimaginable as it is real, and a girl who not only survives but triumphs. To research Sold, Patricia McCormick traveled to India and Nepal where she interviewed the women of Calcutta s red-light district and girls who have been rescued from the sex trade. She is the author of the acclaimed novels Cut and My Brother s Keeper.
