22173656:::::Confessions of a Litigation God:::::WARNING, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND ASSUMPTION OF THE RISK FROM MATT CONNOVER, LITIGATION GOD: Please do not attempt to read my story in public, as my sexual proclivities have been known to cause squirming in your seat, squeezing of your legs together and unintentional moaning, sometimes with spontaneous bursts of laughter at random moments. If you are offended by the fact that my oral skills are just as accomplished in the bedroom as they are the courtroom, then this book is not for you. There may be moments while reading my story that you get so turned on... so hot and bothered... that your squirming and moaning could turn maniacal in nature and neither I, nor the author, are responsible for the weird looks you may get. Notwithstanding the aforementioned warnings, if you assume the risk and read my tale in public, then I recommend you carry a spare set of panties with you. You will need them and you have been warned. My name is Matt Connover. I am a Litigation God. Other lawyers quake before me. Women crawl on their knees just to spend the night in my bed and when I'm finished with them, I walk away without a backward glance. I am well satisfied with my life and there isn't a damn thing I'd change about it. That is, until McKayla Dawson came along. She was meant to be for one night only. But she got under my skin, and now I want her back underneath my body. It's torture working with her in my law firm... day in and day out. But I have to think maybe the Fates have intervened to throw us together because she is unlike anyone I've ever known, and thus I need to pay careful attention to these Legal Affairs. **** Confessions of a Litigation God is a stand alone, full length erotic novel. It follows the affair of Matt Connover and McKayla Dawson as told in the Legal Affairs Serial Romance, Volumes 1-6. This book is told strictly from Matt's point of view and has many additional scenes not included in the serial volumes. You do not need to have read the Legal Affairs Serial to understand this novel.
