26150825:::::The End of Jobs: by Taylor Pearson A 41-Minutes summary:::::We know that your time is valuable, so we keep it short and concise. This is a succinct summary of Taylor Pearson s End of Jobs where we break down why the safe is now risky and the risky is now safe. The world is changing and with it a new era has come the Era of Entrepreneurship, where everyone is under the mercy of creative Entrepreneurs who design systems and create jobs, refusing to fall neatly in line for the conventional 9-5 s. With the advent of technology, you have no reason to be left behind and no challenge is big enough to stop you from redesigning your world and taking advantage of the several opportunities that has opened up for you. Are you going to be left out? The economy is shifting! Society s progressing! These are the preview of lessons you ll learn that guides you. How you can be an entrepreneur and be more profitable than you can imagine. How our economy is currently shifting and entering a new era, changing our traditional view of work in the process. How your stable job is not safe anymore. How production, distribution and marketing are cheaper, easier and safer for you to access and start you business there, like Amazon. How you can start investing and being an entrepreneur, only having your courage. How you can slowly wade into entrepreneurship starting with your mindset. How you can earn more money while gaining more freedom like an entrepreneur. How to design your own future and not relying on people telling you what to do like having a job. More inside the summary: Concise and clear overview of the book contents. Succinct summaries that capture the essence of each chapter. Light bathroom jokes to keep things fun and interesting. Brief explorations about job and entrepreneurship and the forces at work around them. Why you must Read this summary? Because we have now come to the End of Jobs: the era where traditional and conventional careers are not as safe as they sound and where dangerous entrepreneurial endeavors are cheaper, easier and safer than ever. To quote author Taylor Pearson, What was once safe is now risky. What was once risky is now safe. The world is now shifting and with it comes advancements that allow us to enjoy the convenience and accessibility that we have today and that gives us the power to design our own future. The dawn of entrepreneurship has now come, where dreams come true and work becomes an option rather than an obligation. Open these pages to start designing your life now. Read More .. Get you copy Today!
