50251:::::The Parasites:::::'When people play the game "Name three or four persons whom you would choose to have with you on a desert island", they never choose the Delaneys. They don't even choose us one by one as individuals. We have earned, not always fairly we consider, the reputation of being difficult guests . . .' Maria, Niall and Celia have grown up in the shadow of their famous parents - their father, a flamboyant singer and their mother, a talented dancer. Now pursuing their own creative dreams, all three siblings feel an undeniable bond, but it is Maria and Niall who share the secret of their parents' pasts. Alternately comic and poignant, The Parasites is based on the artistic milieu its author knew best, and draws the reader effortlessly into that magical world. About The Author: About the Author Born in London, the daughter of an actor, Gerald Du Maurier, and granddaughter of the novelist Goerge Du Maurier, Daphne Du Maurier was educated in Paris. Of her early life she wrote, "The Du Maurier family, like every other family in England, lived without fear of the future, happy in the security they believed to be enduring." In 1932 she married Lieutenant-General Sir Frederick Browning and moved to Cornwall, where she has lived most of her life. Du Maurier began writing short stories of mystery and suspense for magazines in 1925, a collection of which appeared as The Apple Tree in 1952. Her first novel, The Loving Tree, was published in 1931. She followed with two more novels that enjoyed moderate success. Then, in 1936, she published Jamaica Inn, the first of the mystery-suspense romances that were to make her famous. Her most successful novel, Rebecca, appeared in 1938. Du Maurier's tightly woven, highly suspenseful plots and her strong characters make her stories perfect for adaptation to film or television. Among her many novels that were made into successful films are Jamaica Inn, Rebecca, Frenchman's Creek (1941), Hungry Hill (1943), My Cousin Rachel (1952), and The Scapegoat
