32849218:::::Swann:::::If your parents loved you enough to erase you, who would you become? You are not your body. You re not your hair, your eyes or your nose. You re not your diseases, your anxieties, or your psychosis. Welcome to Astor Academy where, with the right genetic coding and a stomach for the impossible, you can change not only your body but the very course of your life Thrust into the sexy, ultra-elite social scene, sixteen year old Savannah Van Duyn starts Astor Academy armed with only her sarcasm, a survivalist s wit and her father s promise that the school s geneticist can fix her many problems at the DNA level. The foremost expert in genetic engineering, however, is teeming with so much dark secrecy it has Savannah s skin crawling. What begins as a bold promise of genetic therapy becomes a life-threatening search for morality in an immoral cure, and an obsession to right the wrongs heaped upon her and those students who have died before her. Swann is the first in this groundbreaking debut series of young adult novels. Prepare yourself for an unabashed, unapologetic look into today s YA world, namely: coping with a body fit for shame, crazy mothers on meds, the notion that there s a pill for every problem, bullying and cyberbullying, the ebb and flow of first love and all things humorous, sick and twisted. In the spirit of balance, however, Swann explores the allure of friendship, the resolve of the desperate soul to find light inside the darkness, and one girl s path to redemption in the face of insurmountable odds. And so begins the story of the ugly duckling becoming the swan Note to Reader: Before you read or purchase this book, be sure to read the short author interview below. Due to mature content, Swann is recommended for ages 15 and up. INTERVIEW WITH THE AUTHOR Q How would you categorize the Swann Series? A The Swann series doesn t sit firmly in one particular genre. This is the journey of a less than average girl who is inexplicably changed through the world of fringe science and genetics. This daring new series blends solid plotting with depth of character to produce a fun, laugh out loud, bigger than life story that not only triggers a myriad of interesting emotions, but it does so in a world that acknowledges today s most relevant social and family issues. The truth is, I m enamored with badass heroines, bullies and super creepy villains, as well as intriguing, slightly out of the box stories, the kind that lead down strange, often unsettling roads! To address the original question, if there were a BIGGER THAN LIFE category encompassing body image issues, genetic modification and the entanglements of family, social media, friendship and the difficulties of first love, that s where you d find this series. Q Why should readers give the series a try? A When I frequent my favorite steak house, I always order the same thing: filet minion, mashed potatoes, veggies. There s safety in the known. In the world of fiction, I love vampires, dystopian landscapes, the paranormal and dark conspiracies. When I eat at other restaurants, however, I m more adventurous in my choice of meals. The Swann series is that kind of a series: a bold departure from the known, a larger than life tale of one girl s plunge into uncharted waters.
