601546:::::Remembering the Titanic:::::It is April 1913, the first anniversary of the fateful night on the Titanic. Those who survived the disaster in Titanic: The Long Night have lived with their memories for one year, but it has been a constant struggle dealing with the grief and shock, and memories of those who didn't survive.After writing a well-received article about his dreadful experience, Patrick "Paddy" Kelleher is riding high on the excitement of life in the big city and being wooed by a book publisher who hopes he'll write a book. Despite Paddy's refusal to talk about what happened, Katie Mahoney is under the impression that he is truly happy; she doesn't know that he has to fight every day to keep from thinking about Brian and that terrible night on the dark sea. He wonders what he could have done to save his brother's life. Katie is living in Brooklyn with her aunt and uncle, and her musical theater career is at a standstill. She's intimidated by the agents and auditions, What Katie really wants is to go home to Ireland, but the idea of getting on a ship to cross the Atlantic is too horrifying. And besides, she couldn't bear to leave without Paddy at her side. Eventually she is championed by the wife of an agent who promises her that she will have a solid career singing songs from her native country, It's not Katie's dream, but it's enough to keep her going until Paddy is ready to go back to Ireland, as he's told her he wants to do. Max is studying hard with his art teacher, making friends with other young artists, but he is losing patience with Elizabeth, who is having trouble finding her own independence. Elizabeth lost something precious that night on the sea: her father's protection and support. Maxacts as if his experience on the Titanic didn't change him a bit, but when Elizabeth sees the dark, brooding paintings that he's been working furiously on, she knows that he has been as affected by that night as she has. Elizabeth realizes that Max is right -- the disaster did change her. Where are her hopes and dreams? Why has she fallen so comfortably into the life of privilege that once so annoyed her? But how can she follow her dreams when she promised her father that she would take care of her mother, Nola, who has become increasingly dependent on Elizabeth. After a pivotal night at a benefit party for families of those who died on the Titanic, Elizabeth resolves to do something with her life. Max finally admits to his own difficulties, and the two decide that while they've been dealing with their grief separately, from now on they will be together.
