7099779:::::Blown for Good: Behind the Iron Curtain of Scientology:::::The International Base of Scientology. The sprawling 500 acre property located deep in the California desert. The local townspeople were told that Scientology lectures and films were being made there. But is that all that is happening there? It is the location of a multi-million dollar home for L. Ron Hubbard, built twodecades after his controversial death. It is the home of Scientologys current leader, David Miscavige. Rumor has it that high ranking Scientology celebrities such as Tom Cruise have been there. So what really happens at the Int Base? Are the stories on the internet true? How does Scientology conduct management of its day to day operations? Reports from former members have shown up here and there over the past 20 years. Could stories of armed guards, weapons, staff beatings, and razor wire fences surrounding the entire property be true? If so, how could a facility like this exist in modern day America? Hundreds of staff had made attempts to escape over the years. Some had succeeded but had never been seen or heard of again, but most had failed. Marc knew it would not be easy getting out of the Scientology compound. Why were people kept here? Why did more people not attempt to escape over the years? What was it that went on at the International headquarters of Scientology? This is the story of what happened behind the Iron Curtain of Marc Headley provides a rare, never before seen insider's look at life inside Scientology. He spent 15 years at their secret headquarters - a 500 acre property located deep in the California desert. The local townspeople were told lectures and films were made there. But is that all that was happening? It is the location of a multi-million dollar home for L. Ron Hubbard, built two decades after his death. It is the home of Scientology's current leader, David Miscavige. So what really happens there? Are the stories on the internet true? How does Scientology conduct management of its day to day operations? Could stories of armed guards, weapons, staff beatings, and razor wire fences be true? If so, how could a facility like this exist in modern day America? Hundreds of staff tried to escape over the years. Some succeeded but were never seen or heard of again, most failed. Why were people kept here? What was it that went on at the headquarters of Scientology? This is the story of what happened behind the Iron Curtain of Scientology. "...the Scientology cult, is I guarantee you, a thousand times more bizarre than you could have ever imagined."
