29007324:::::Lil Mama Need Love Too:::::At least once in their life a child has wished that their mother was more like their friend than a parent. Constance is one of few that would rather have her mother be what she should be and that s a MOTHER. Having lived the good life under the leadership of her grandparents Constance never wanted for anything. She had everything she ever needed and more up until the day her grandparents died. With no other family and nowhere to go, she was forced to move in with her mother and younger siblings. Having to grow up quicker than her age would allow her naturally made Constance despise her mother rather than adore her in the manner a child should. Cassandra Cassie Duncan was a cougar in her own right. Having gotten knocked up at the tender age of fifteen she gave her eldest child to her parents to raise, only to turn around and get pregnant yet again a short time later. Destined to live the life she missed out on, Cassandra vicariously lived her life through her two youngest children engaging in immature shenanigans that no adult in their right mind would partake in. Corey was the middle child, the one that held the balance between his Lil Mama as he affectionately called his older sister and their ratchet younger sister. He was always stuck it the middle of the ongoing beef between his family members. After finding out that his girlfriend was pregnant, Corey had to stand up and be man. Making a life for his family unlike the one he had. Carmen, the youngest of the clan was a younger version of her mother. Beautiful, with an immature mind was a for sure recipe for disaster. Using her body to get what she wants, you couldn t tell her nothing. After getting raped you would think that would be enough to make her change her ways wrong. Step into the world of the Duncan s where nothing is ever what it seems or should be. With life throwing ugly blows can they band together and build a perfect bond or will the already crumbling walls that is their family fall down?
