10896701:::::A Tale of Two Goblins:::::From New York Times And USA Today Bestselling Urban Fantasy Romance Author, HP Mallory, Comes The Dulcie O Neil Series! H.P. Mallory has a quick wit, a fresh voice, and a clever way with words. If you like Charlaine Harris, you ll love H.P. Mallory! ~ Larissa Ione, New York Times Bestselling Urban Fantasy Author If you like your books steamy (this is an adult fantasy romance series, not for kids or teens!) and you appreciate a butt-kicking, take no prisoners heroine, read on! A TALE OF TWO GOBLINS is the second book in the Dulcie O Neil series (Fantasy Romance Books): A Dreamstalker a creature that stalks and kills its victims in sleep. A fairy in law enforcement determined to stop him. A potions smuggler who possesses something she wants. A vampire with his own agenda. And a partner who couldn t possibly be sexier or more frustrating. Dulcie O Neil is a fairy working in law enforcement for the Netherworld. When Knight Vander approaches her with a case regarding comatose victims, she agrees to help him, imagining the most difficult part will be combatting her attraction to him. But, what Dulcie isn t betting on is the fact that the case becomes personal when she learns all the victims are somehow linked to her. When her best friend falls victim to the Dreamstalker, Dulcie must do everything in her power to ensure her friend s survival, including associating with criminals and accepting the fact that desperate times do definitely call for desperate measures. Want a sneak peek? Be sure to check out the Look Inside This Book feature at the top left of the page where you can preview the first three chapters! Fantasy Romance Series Available by HP Mallory: JOLIE WILKINS (Fantasy Romance): Book 1: Fire Burn and Cauldron Bubble (FREE on Amazon!) Book 2: Toil and Trouble Book 3: Witchful Thinking Book 4: The Witch is Back Book 5: Something Witchy This Way Comes Novella: Be Witched (Just .99!) Stay Tuned for the Jolie Wilkins Spinoff Series, featuring a certain lovable vampire! DULCIE O NEIL (Urban Fantasy Romance): Book 1: To Kill A Warlock (FREE on Amazon!) Book 2: A Tale of Two Goblins Book 3: Great Hexpectations Book 4: Wuthering Frights Book 5: Malice In Wonderland Book 6: For Whom The Spell Tolls LILY HARPER (Urban Fantasy): Book 1: Better Off Dead Find Adult Fantasy Romance Author, HP Mallory, Online: Visit HP s website at www.hpmallory.com Follow HP on twitter at www.twitter.com/hpmallory Join HP on Facebook at www.facebook.com/hpmallory If you enjoy reading HP s fantasy romance books, consider adding yourself to her email list to keep on top of new releases, contests and other fun stuff! Signing up is easy, just visit: www.hpmallory.com/contact
