28627373:::::Mastering Manga 3: Power Up with Mark Crilley:::::Master the skills to create your very own manga! Expert manga artist Mark Crilley guides you to another level with this powered-up drawing book. Complete your Crilley collection with this third installation, which elevates the instruction to focus on drawing methods to help you create distinctive and detailed professional-level manga art. Through 40 in-depth step-by-step demonstrations not covered in other Mastering Manga books, Mark reveals his secrets for adding color, how to draw manga-style animals, ways to use photo reference, his preferred art supplies and how to fix character inconsistencies. The book is broken down into three sections: Characters and Styles. Learn how to draw characters in every manga style--elegant Shojo, angular Dark Fantasy, action-packed Shonen and cute cartoon. Includes non-human characters like animal familiars (realistic or chibi) and aliens. Break-out lessons focus on anatomy, hairstyles and all genres of clothing, from classic anime uniforms to fantasy costuming. Poses and Action. Make your characters bold, memorable and full of vitality. Get the most out of your poses by learning how to create natural, standing and dynamic running poses, plus sword fights, romantic Shojo interactions and stances for animals, manga monsters, chibi cuties and mech a robots. Advanced lessons include how to convey a sense of motion, tips on body language and how to effectively using foreshortening. Finishing Touches. Elevate your art with Mark's professional instruction on completing your comic. These final lessons include page layouts, logo design, how to place a character in a setting, correctly using dialogue and speech bubbles, advanced costume design (fantasy armor, wings, and more) and how to create attention-grabbing cover art. "Manga is all about fresh concepts and fascinating characters. You've got ideas. You've invented new characters. There's a whole world waiting to see what you've come up with!" --Mark Crilley
