21539244:::::Princess Lizzie and the Time Travelling Magic Cloak:::::Can a curious princess and her animal friends crack the code to time travel? Princess Lizzie, the math, science, and technology whiz from a royal palace, once again proves that being a genuine princess doesn t mean you can t also train your brain to do extraordinary things! As savvy at numbers and gadgets as she is with courtly finery, the spirited, spunky princess is determined to put her terrific mind to use to help out others in need. This series of illustrated books for children ages four to eight will captivate inquisitive young minds, while its adult references and gorgeous artwork offer parents plenty of entertainment, too. Book 3: Princess Lizzie and the Time Travelling Magic Cloak continues the inventive new series, once again starring the clever, courageous royal who finds herself in some very puzzling situations. As before, she must use her wits and compassion to find the right way out of some tricky spots, and rely on a colorful host of animal friends to help her do so. This time, however, the mission at hand may call for breaking the rules at the royal court. Will Princess Lizzie dare to defy the palace? She feels that she simply must when she learns that her dear friend, Sir Hippo, is in big trouble. Even though the palace strictly forbids time travel, it s the only way she can rescue her tried-and-true companion. When she ventures to other times using her magic cloak infused with the latest technology, she finds herself in unfortunate circumstances and among mysterious characters. Her sassy, super-chatty assistant, Monkey, is ready to help Princess Lizzie, as is her sensible pal Giraffe. But who is the mysterious creature that dwells just outside the Royal grounds and is it a friend or foe? And just who is the blind mouse that seems to be able to do just about anything? As young readers become enthralled in the intriguing new characters and the story s many surprises, they will also be moved by the princess s uncommon bravery, empathy, and intelligence. At the same time, the Princess Lizzie series exposes them to topics that are not frequently covered in children s books, such as Princess Lizzie s dilemma over whether to help out a friend if it means breaking the rules of the kingdom. In addition, Princess Lizzie also demonstrates that being pretty special does not mean that a child needs to be perfect. Each child may confront struggles or weaknesses, but by focusing on his or her strengths, marvelous, magical things are sure to take place. Just follow Princess Lizzie s shining example. When you do, you are bound to discover life lessons, while having a rollicking good time. By putting their brains together, and tapping into the latest technology, the three friends prove that anything is possible when you have the confidence and support to solve perplexing problems. Young children will hang on every twist in the plot, and along the way learn the power of friendship, caring for those less fortunate, and making use of wits and innovation to save the day! For Princess Lizzie and her unforgettable buddies, a little magic can come in handy, too!
