18920603:::::Createspace and Kindle Self-Publishing Masterclass - Second Edition: The Step-by-Step Author's Guide to Writing, Publishing and Marketing Your Books on Amazon:::::Over 15,000 Copies Sold - Now in its 2nd Edition Make this the year YOU Write &amp; Publish YOUR First Book! Second Edition - Includes Bonus Material - Free Video Tutorials "Probably the Most Complete New Author Guide on the Market Today" Hundreds of books have been written about Self-Publishing, so what makes this one special? Well, maybe you re Writing and Publishing for the first time, or maybe you ve done the hard part and you need to know how to get your Masterpiece out there and into the hands of a real audience? Whatever the case, you re looking for results otherwise you ll probably waste a lot of time, and come away disappointed and disillusioned. You need a System. Step-By-Step - Amazon's Paperback and E-Book Publishing Systems Explained In CreateSpace and Kindle Self-Publishing Masterclass, top-selling independent author Rick Smith demonstrates a logical, step-by-step system which new Authors can use to succeed. This book will fast-track you through the Jungle! Writing, Publishing, and Marketing Your Books Here you'll find the truth about what to write and how to get it finished. You'll learn the 16 Golden Rules for Successful Amazon Authors. You'll be shown the important things that must be done correctly, and the other stuff which just slows you down. Why you should publish both Paperback and Kindle formats Why you should always do Createspace first What are the best software tools for organisation, creativity, and productivity How to create or source amazing low-cost Covers that drive your sales How to build world-class Sales Pages on Amazon's storefront, with no technical skills required In fact, everything you'll need to take your book to market. Marketing 101 for New Independent Authors You ll also discover the right moves to achieve commercial success for your book; Where to find your first willing customers who'll kick-off your sales The importance of Reviews and how to get genuine customers to write them Using the right Keyword tactics to get your book onto Page 1 in Amazon's Category Search How to price, track, and promote your book, and when to write the next one Brand New Chapters on Kindle Unlimited, Countdown Deals, and Pre-Order, the powerful new Amazon Marketing Programs As you follow these step-by-step instructions you'll quickly learn everything you need to know in order to start a new career as an Independent Self-Published Author. Along the way, you'll acquire a few Secret Weapons that could propel your book to it's Category's Top-Row, where every author wants to be and every potential buyer can see you. Publishing your first book is the ride of your life; get it right first time! Rick Smith is an independent Author and Publisher on Amazon, with multiple Top-Ten books in their categories, and numerous Best Seller badges. Click on Look Inside to Find Out Much More!
