27997243:::::Love Part 1:::::Fall in love all over again by reading these heart warming stories! One Night with the Prince The rules were simple:. 15 girls were chosen from royal bloodlines to be with the Prince. They are given one night each with him, and in the end he shall choose a bride and make her Queen. So how did someone from Montana, USA get involved in something that was supposed to be for those chosen? Anna sure doesn t know, but she knew that she had to stay away from the Prince as much as she could. With her mischievous ways and un-royal manners, she was sure that the Prince wouldn t pick her. But what if the Prince was as determined to be with her as she was determined to stay away from him? Experience "One Night with the King" meets "Princess Diaries" told with humor in this romantic comedy for all ages and find out what happens when a person goes from nada to royalty. A Unique Kind of Love Lena Rose Winter was a typical seventeen year old girl, or so everyone thought. She had a hated secret and she knew what love was, but she dreaded it. Liam Christopher Black was far from your typical bad boy. He was a good guy, the one who would sit at the back of the class, not making a sound. His family dying in a car crash cost him his voice. Lena knew becoming friends with someone was a great risk because you could always end up caring too much. But still, she fought for the boy and his friendship but they ended up falling for each other. Hard. It seemed as if the world didn't want them together as they faced struggle after struggle to beat the odds. But will the risks be enough for their relationship to survive? Amidst the trials and bad experiences, will both of them learn to truly love again? The Best Thing for Me Emma Ross is a hard-working, quiet girl who tries to stay off the radar. Even her classmates with since grade school didn t know her. She knows it is best to live away from prying eyes and people who would find her peculiar. But then suddenly someone from the it crowd notices her. Someone who sees how she cowers at the sight of someone from the it crowd, how she only has one friend in the world. The girl who prefers to stay at home than party. The girl who is the definition of a nobody. This it boy suddenly jumps into her life, bringing along all the drama and conflict that is bound to happen sooner or later. Soon enough, he starts redefining what she thought was the best thing for her. But will all of it be worth it in the end? Or will she crumble at the very sight of unfamiliar things? With over 22 million reads on Wattpad and a Watty award in the bag, this book is bound to bring all the high school drama, a bit of hard luck and a whole lot of laughs.
