10929475:::::Essie's Kids and the Rolling Calf: Island Style Story:::::A "rolling calf" is a ghost that often appears in the form of an animal. Most people who had close encounters reported that they first heard or detected the rolling calves by their loud chiming and rather unnerving clanking noise. This familiar sound was made by the long chain that they dragged along behind them. They have large red eyes like a dragon's. Some even said that they could breathe fire through their mouths. Some said that the rolling calves were the spirits of evil butchers who had been cruel and mean when they were alive. The best way, they said, to get away from these monstrous beasts was to drop various things on the ground. This storybook was written in an exciting island-style manner. It is about Essie's kids on the island of Jamaica and their unusual encounter with a rolling calf. This is the first of a five part series. The story is continuous. The whole series should be read in order to truly see and understand the full picture that the authors are trying to illustrate. Along with the ability of this black and white picture-book to be used as a coloring-book, there is also a drawing/note pad at the end of each book that allows the reader to draw or demonstrate their own personal illustration of the story after completing the book. Finally, these books also end uniquely always with a strong moral story. 'When it dawned on Karl that his pursuer was most likely to be a rolling calf, he really started running as if he hadn't been running before. He forgot about his damaged toe. He forgot about running and hopping. He was now running full, top speed, Carl Lewis or Asafa Powell style. He was all-out straight sprinting. He shifted into sixth gear and took off blazing the trail for his dear life. Neither Usain Bolt nor Michael Johnson nor any other athlete or track and field star could have kept up with Karl that night. He was sure that he must have broken some kind of world record. He was seriously on the verge of flying as he could feel the wind rushing by him like a turbulent storm.' Chapter 5, page 26 of Essie's Kids and the Rolling Calf. For more info please see www.EssiesKids.com Clarion Review JUVENILE FICTION Mystery stories for kids have changed dramatically in the last few decades. Characters like Encyclopedia Brown and The Boxcar Children have been replaced by wizards, vampires, werewolves, and zombies. Innocent sleuthing of creepy houses has been replaced by elaborate battles with powerful supernatural figures. That's what makes a ghost series like Essie's Kids &amp; The Rolling Calf stand apart from other children's series. Husband and wife authors Luke Brown and Berthalicia Fonseca-Brown have created a collection of books that lets kids be ... well ... kids facing ghostly circumstances. Katerie Prior.
