17155673:::::Eternal Darkness, Blood King:::::Get ready for the ultimate showdown between fangs and pure evil! It's evil versus evil when Renzo, a proud immortal, who wonders if there still is some shred of human emotion inside of him, faces an ancient evil force, who seems to be as powerful as he is, with the perfect bait; the secret of how to turn immortals back into mortals in exchange for Renzo's soul. "Immortality is not easy" - says Renzo, a vampire, several times in the book more as a warning than an explanation. The fact of conquering death must have a powerful effect inside anyone's mind. How an immortal of any kind could believe in any type of deities, beliefs, myths or any other human concept regarding the afterlife? In the same way, how come someone who defies all laws of nature and those of physics can validate an improbability like that "it" we call soul? That's the core of "Eternal Darkness, Blood King." From the beginning the story sounds familiar; the vampire with a story to tell, but all similarities end when the plot quickly transforms into something deeper with an array of fascinating characters; like Frank Lopez, a seventy year old alcoholic, cannibal and psychic whose mental power only increases by the consumption of human flesh; specially if it comes from children. Also, Jason Drake and Julia Saravova; Renzo's loyal prot g s and eternal twenty something vampires with a taste for violence. Maximilian Hunter; an ex-USMC captain on a man-hunt trying to stop Renzo without fully realizing what he's getting himself into. The young Lucy Buren; a gifted artists and Renzo's business associate who knows the truth about Renzo but refuses to walk away from their friendship. Erika Foster; a tragic teenager with a mysterious past and on a mission. Jean Charles Reneu and Amy Harlow; a pair of millionaire "collectors" obsessed with capturing Renzo and unlock the mystery of his immortality, and a tactical unit of mercenaries trying to destroy "the most dangerous of all creatures" are the elements of this vampire epic tale. When Renzo decides to accept to trade his soul he asks;"who cares to whom my inexistent soul belongs to when I will go on living forever? The answer to his question will take the reader to a surprising journey beyond faith, the mysteries of immortality and time itself. "Eternal Darkness, Blood King" is a true feast for all vampire lovers, and a new take on the immortal lore with unexpected twists and turns that will leave the reader asking for more.
