7674189:::::Cherries Over Quicksand: Fun Stories from Men Who Returned to Their Resilient Women and More...:::::Cherries Over Quicksand By Rhonda Ricardo Men and women share over seventy relatable action-packed stories about their roads-to-love with welcome humor and insight to help couples or searching singles further distinguish; what men and women want in a lasting romantic relationship, why they are acting "that way," how they really do want to adore each other and how to avoid relationship quicksand while building a loving romance. Cherries Over Quicksand includes: -Lists and charts highlighting relationship actions cherished by men and women -Detailed scenarios dealing with surprising romance situations -Shared thoughts from men and women -How to become the one they cherish Reviews: "LOVE COACH... Rhonda Ricardo offers refreshing insight into relationships." - Tammy Minn, Asst. Editor, Inland Empire Magazine "I gave this book as a gift to my daughter... Seriously, it should go along with the marriage license." -Sandy Peckinpah, Author, Radio Show Host "This is a must read book for anyone in a relationship, coming out of a relationship or just dreaming about a relationship." -Jon Hansen, Author, Radio host, YouTube TV Show Co-host "Love Bites with Rhonda &amp; Jon" "Rhonda Ricardo - Wow! Witty, insightful and caring, Rhonda brings great humor, heart and compassion to her work. ...brought tears to my eyes and laughter to my lips. I highly recommend it!" -Paula McChesney, Author, Radio Show Host "Thought provoking, insightful, and funny. What a great way to let everyone discover the truth about relationships." -Sue Rebar, Executive Director Welcome Home Troops "Jesus in the Bible, He told parables, told stories and the way you told your stories I felt like I was living them and I could come up with my own conclusions and you didn't say, 'This is right, this is wrong, this is the way you're supposed to do it', you just gave the stories and it was very exciting. I'm very proud of you." -Shirley W. Mitchell, Syndicated Celebrity Talk Radio Host, Author
