12977456:::::Great Hexpectations:::::From New York Times And USA Today Bestselling Urban Fantasy Author, HP Mallory, Comes The Dulcie O Neil Series! H.P. Mallory has a quick wit, a fresh voice, and a clever way with words. If you like Charlaine Harris, you ll love H.P. Mallory! ~ Larissa Ione, New York Times Bestselling Vampire Romance Author If you like your books steamy (this is an adult urban fantasy series, not for kids or teens!) and you appreciate a butt-kicking, take no prisoners heroine, read on! GREAT HEXPECTATIONS is the third book in the Dulcie O Neil series (Urban Fantasy Paranormal Romance): A misunderstanding turned deadly. A fairy in law enforcement who won't stop until the truth is uncovered. A vampire who seems to be her ally but appearances can be deceiving. And a partner who would put his own life on the line to defend hers. Dulcie O'Neil knows she's at fault for failing to arrest a wanted criminal but when her partner gets pinned for the crime, she'll stop at nothing to ensure his innocence. What Dulcie isn't planning on is a trip to the infamous Netherworld where chaos rules. Between battling the affections of a mysterious vampire, protecting herself from monsters and ensuring the innocence of the one man who would die for her, Dulcie's trip to the Netherworld isn't sunshine and strawberry daiquiris. Want a sneak peek? Be sure to check out the Look Inside This Book feature at the top left of the page where you can preview the first three chapters! Paranormal Romance And Urban Fantasy Series Available By HP Mallory: JOLIE WILKINS (Urban Fantasy Romance): Book 1: Fire Burn and Cauldron Bubble (FREE on Amazon!) Book 2: Toil and Trouble Book 3: Witchful Thinking Book 4: The Witch is Back Book 5: Something Witchy This Way Comes Novella: Be Witched (Just .99!) Stay Tuned for the Jolie Wilkins Spinoff Series, featuring a certain lovable vampire! DULCIE O NEIL (Urban Fantasy Paranormal): Book 1: To Kill A Warlock (FREE on Amazon!) Book 2: A Tale of Two Goblins Book 3: Great Hexpectations Book 4: Wuthering Frights Book 5: Malice In Wonderland Book 6: For Whom The Spell Tolls LILY HARPER (Urban Fantasy): Book 1: Better Off Dead Find Urban Fantasy Series Author, HP Mallory, Online: Visit HP s website at www.hpmallory.com Follow HP on twitter at www.twitter.com/hpmallory Join HP on Facebook at www.facebook.com/hpmallory If you enjoy reading HP s adult urban fantasy books, consider adding yourself to her email list to keep on top of new releases, contests and other fun stuff! Signing up is easy, just visit: www.hpmallory.com/contact
