10599328:::::Lone Bull's Mistake; A Lodge Pole Chief Story:::::This historic book may have numerous typos, missing text, images, or index. Purchasers can download a free scanned copy of the original book (without typos) from the publisher. 1918. Not illustrated. Excerpt: ... CHAPTER X "ha! Eighty lodges. That will be the Small Robes Band," said my father. "The Small Robes!" we all whispered. That was our own band. All our relatives on my father's side were members of it. "Yes, the Small Robes, of course," my father went on. "No other band of the Pikuni ever camps off by itself. And how crazy they are to do so away down here so close to the Crow country. Well, my woman, well, my children, our place is with them. We must go to them this night, warn them of the coming of the Crows, and help them in the fight. Eighty lodges against the whole Crow tribe! It looks hopeless, but something may happen; maybe the gods are with our people." "How shall we go to them?" my mother asked. "Why, as soon as the camp quiets down, as soon as every one is asleep, we shall sneak out and take the first four horses we can find, and go--" "And leave everything here, our all! This time We shall be afoot," my mother put in. "Well, before we start I shall give everything to Crow Woman." "No, you mustn't do that," said my father. "Don't you see that that would get her into trouble -- that she would be accused of warning us to go?" "True, I did not think of that," my mother agreed. "She has been our true friend, yes, and her man, too." Just then Crow Woman looked in again. "I dare not be seen here," she signed. "Be quiet, do not fear. To-morrow I shall help you." And with that she was gone. It was the last we saw of her for many a winter. My mother and sister opened the parfleches and looked over their useful and pretty things. Their best dresses they were bound to have -- to die in if die they must. Also they took their awls and needles and sinew thread, and other things, and made of them each a little bundle. The rest they put back into the parfleches...
