7896138:::::Housework Blues: A Survival Guide:::::If you lack the motivation to do housework - or it's become a source of misery, boredom, frustration or fury - these feelings can affect your relationships, your health, even your wealth. So there are some truly outstanding benefits in learning to survive your Housework Blues. Now, finally, there's a book to help you do just that. Housework Blues - A Survival Guide is a fun and easy read that highlights the real value of taking care of your home - but more importantly, it inspires, motivates and keeps you sane you along the way. Containing quotes, humour and over 75 insights, tips, games and ideas - tailor-made to bring calm and comfort to any woman with a home to keep - Housework Blues is a virtual pick-&amp;-mix goodie bag of housework-survival tactics, helping you cope with the (often unrecognised) mental and emotional challenge of keeping a home. If you lack the domestic gene where doing housework comes naturally, or your feminist tendencies make you want to run screaming from mop and bucket, then this book is for you. These simple suggestions could save you years of anguish or frustration and liberate you to enjoy a beautiful home with both your sanity and relationships intact. There's a calm, confident and capable alternative to the misery of Housework Blues. This guide will help you find it. 10 Good Reasons to beat your Housework Blues improved relationships better health boosted energy levels enjoyable home increased efficiency naturally motivated higher self-esteem more free-time inner calm wealth &amp; career success WARNING: This is not a practical housekeeping guide. There may be the odd tip or useful gem but the main aim of this book is not to teach you how to clean your home. The sole intention is help you cope with the unique psychological challenge of being a modern female with a home to keep. This book is less 'how to' and more 'why bother'. These are strategies to keep you sane. The only stain removal advice will be for the blots on your spirit. "I love this book! Combining Bob Hope's philosophy with Eastern spirituality with the pursuit of thinner thighs, all in the service of getting the housework done with peace and grace - it's just awe-inspiring... and soul-satisfying!" Jill Bailin, New York
