65769:::::Kilmeny of the Orchard:::::A sweet and moving romance from the author of the beloved Anne of Green Gables series! Eric Marshall, recent college graduate, has the world at his feet. He s handsome, popular, wealthy, and surprisingly, single. Living the bachelor lifestyle with his widowed father, he s never given much thought to romance. When an old school friend asks Eric to substitute teach for him on Prince Edward Island while he recuperates from an illness, Eric thinks, why not? He s got some time to kill before diving into the family business with his father, and the rustic island may be a good diversion for him. Eric falls into the easy routine of island life, and his status as eligible bachelor endears him to the locals. Eric is still not thinking of romance, but he s about to find it in a most unexpected place Kilmeny Gordon is sweet and smart and beautiful, perfect in every way but one: she can t speak. She s been sheltered all her life due to her disability and the scandal surrounding her birth. She wiles away her hours helping her aunt and uncle on the farm and playing her violin in her favorite secluded spot. When Eric stumbles into her hidden orchard, he brings a whole new world with him, and a friendship that both frightens her and thrills her. As the summer days grow longer and their friendship blossoms, sweet, silent Kilmeny, with her sunny enthusiasm and haunting music, manages to do what neither the co-eds of Queenslea College nor the village lasses of Lindsay have been able to do capture Eric s heart. But Kilmeny knows he ll soon have to go back to his life on the mainland, a world of business meetings and parties and prejudicial people a world in which she ll hold him back and never fit in. None of that matters to Eric, but how can he get her to accept that she s the only woman he ll ever love, when she is convinced that the only way to love him is to let him go? Bonus Content: Introduction and Illustrations Legacy Vintage Collection Enhanced eBooks have been professionally edited and professionally formatted for your favorite e-reader! Learn more at The Vintage Reader .
