8376729:::::Fallen:::::Publication Date: April 1, 2009 Series: Guardian Saga (Book 1) Fallen - the first book in the Guardian Saga... Maggie is unaware of the terrifying fate that awaits her. It isn t until she lands in New Orleans for a full year at a private high school and her unknown enemies find her does she realize that her life is in danger. As a mystifying stranger repeatedly intervenes and blocks the attempts on her life, she begins to learn that there is more to him than his need to protect her and that he may be the key to understanding why her enemies have just now arrived. REVIEWS: Readers have given Fallen high rankings on Goodreads Lists including: Best Paranormal Romance Series Books That Should Be Made Into Movies Books That Should Get More Attention Best Supernatural Series Best Paranormal Romance Books Of All Time Books I Read In One Day Books That Should Get More Attention Best Unknown Young Adult Books Best Romance Novels Of All Time Books I Became So Obsessed With I Stopped Everything Else In My Life To Finish Controlling/Sexy/Possessive Men Young Adult Romance Books Good Enough To Read Again Best Break Out Author Novels! Best Kick-Ass Female Characters from YA and Children's Fantasy and Science Fiction Favorite Books Best Inspiring Books Best YA Books "Fast-paced, the story starts off strong and retains a tight rein on the momentum throughout. This book mixes humor, mystery, and the supernatural into a satisfying blend that should appeal to both young and more mature readers." (Coffee Time Romance Review) "Great flow of interest and most unusual characters (that you will love as I have). I have laughed out loud at some of them. Good, simple, fast read that has a great hook, line and sinker." (Great Minds Think Aloud Review) "A very good read with interesting characters and a quick pace." (Life Is Better With Books Review) "While I was given the first book I just bought the 2nd one, Eternity, and plan to start it tonight." (The Book Hookup) ALSO AVAILABLE: Eternity (Book 2), Reckoning (Book 3), Messenger (Prequel A), Guardian (Prequel B)
