28261569:::::Love Part 2:::::Experience the highs and lows that love can bring by reading these stories: Mars "He is home. I don't want to be homeless." There is something about gravity that when you pull it just the right way, two different planets could revolve around each other. Amy, the shy girl who is still getting over her ex, tries to pull away from the blunt, over confident yet optimistic Logan, a person whom she can t seem to shake. Like Earth and Mars, they slowly begin to orbit each other, pulling and pushing between their clashing personalities yet similar interests. A tragedy that happens to one of them may make or break them, and the two will try to hold on as long as they could. But soon enough Amy and Logan find just the right pull to fall in love with each other, like two heavenly bodies who were destined to crash without a care about the mess it'll leave behind. With over 500 thousand reads on Wattpad, this young adult contemporary romance is has a few twists and a whole lot of love meant to be everlasting. Downright Delinquents She was at the wrong place, at the wrong time. It was supposed to be just another night of hanging out with friends for Hayley Larson... that is, until things go horribly wrong. She witnesses her father s brutal murder and barely escapes with her life. Now orphaned, Hayley's life quickly goes on a downward spiral. She is passed from one guardian to another and eventually ends up in the infamous Downright High, a place meant to discipline even the nastiest, most despicable delinquent. She is abruptly thrown into a life where indoor brawls, school lockdowns, and torturous hours of disciplinary isolation are all expected to happen before dinner. Amidst the madness, Hayley meets Colin an arrogant yet irresistibly captivating delinquent with his own set of issues. The attraction between them is unmistakable. And just when they begin to open up to each other, Hayley's dark past catches up with her. Will Colin look beyond his own problems and reach out to help Hayley? Or will he serve as the final straw that will finally push her to the brink of self-destruction? My Beloved She gave me life again. She is the reason why I came to life and why I am breathing. Her blood calls out to me like a siren that I cannot ignore. Who is she, you ask? Why, she is My Beloved. It was in English class that Wendy heard of a tale about the vampire, Vincent Gilmore, who was buried alive by the townspeople along with their silver. The only thing interesting about it was the silver, which Wendy sure could put to good use for her brother s surgery. Wendy was shocked to find that the tale was indeed true, for there, after digging his grave, she came face to face with his rotting corpse, and the mound of silver that she took home. Unknowingly, Wendy set a series of events that would forever change her life. Her blood brought Vincent back to life, but it wasn t her blood alone. They were destined to be together. Because she was his Beloved.
