23385853:::::Surviving The Storm:::::The complete story of Sebastian Stark and Raine Gayle all in one! Available only on Amazon! Surviving Raine Summary: As the captain of a schooner catering to the elite on the Caribbean Seas, Sebastian Stark does his best to avoid any human encounters. Interacting with people isn t his thing, and he prefers the company of a bottle of vodka, a shot glass, and maybe a whore. There s no doubt he s hiding from a checkered past, but he does well keeping everything to himself until the night his schooner capsizes, and he s stuck on a life raft with one of the passengers. Raine s young, she s cute, and Bastian would probably be into her if he wasn t suffering from alcohol withdrawal. As the days pass, DTs, starvation, and dehydration become the norm. Even the most closed person starts to open up when he thinks he s going to die, but when she realizes their traumatic pasts are connected, it s no longer the elements that have Bastian concerned. He has no idea how he s going to Survive Raine. Bastian s Storm Summary Sebastian Stark just isn t cut out for normal life with a girlfriend in the hot and humid city of Miami. All in all, he d rather be back on the island where it was just the two of them, and he could keep everything in balance. The bar down the street tempts him daily, but he s determined to remain strong. Adjusting to normal life is difficult, but Bastian is doing his best to keep himself together and the nightmares away. Raine s happy, and that s what matters to him the most. But not all nightmares can be driven away. When Bastian s former mentor comes into the picture and presents him with an ultimatum, Bastian slips into old habits. Though he wants to shield Raine from the truth, the shady circumstances of his past form into a hurricane he can t control. In an effort to protect her, Bastian has no choice but to throw himself back into his old job death match tournaments just one last time. Dropped into the arctic wilderness with weapons loaded, Bastian has to compete against representatives from major crime lords all over the states. He s studied his competition, he knows their weaknesses, and he s ready to battle for the woman he loves. There s only one opponent in the mix that causes him any concern. In order to guarantee Raine s safety, Bastian will be pitted against the key hit man for Chicago s largest mob family a guy who s known as one hell of a shot. A guy named Evan Arden.
