13741511:::::American Amaranth:::::Out-of-print edition The novel you are about to read is of love and war in this new American Century. It is set in the near future when the disposition of nations will likely be more aggressive and intolerant. It is told in a time which possibly could be America's most challenging and dangerous in her history. The American Amaranth Anthology follows a family through several generations of personal, national, and international struggle. The Stansfield family is not perfect but the members attempt to be in their upholding of the values which have made our country the envy of the world in the past. It is intended to be dramatic and occasionally metaphorical in order to make specific points known. It uses our history as a people to light the path for the future. Book One, American Amaranth, is seen through the eyes of an aging and sick warrior, Admiral Julian Stansfield, as he carries the weight of his country on his shoulders. Handicapped by personal grief and medical illness, he directs the United States through a major conventional world war. He worries for his three sons who are all scattered around the planet in their respective duties as American military men. Throughout the story, the admiral remembers his beloved late wife, Olivia, and retells all he learned from her about life and freedom. American Amaranth is a story of a man's love for his country, family, and most of all - his wife. It is a story of the eternal nature of love and of faith in one's moral values. It speaks of loss, revenge, and redemption. It highlights the perseverance of the American Spirit in the face of danger and sorrow. It reveals how people remain dutiful under extreme stress; moving forward against perilous adversity when there is no other choice. It shows how love truly conquers all in the end. Above all, this story shows how "American Amaranth" will be a required essential in all of us if we expect to keep our great nation free and prosperous for our children.
