26154196:::::La verdad sobre el caso Harry Quebert:::::El mayor fen meno editorial de los ltimos a os: un joven suizo de 27 a os con un thriller monumental Qui n mat a Nola Kellergan es la gran inc gnita a desvelar en esta incomparable historia polic aca cuya experiencia de lectura escapa a cualquier tentativa de descripci n. Intent moslo: Una novela de suspense a tres tiempos -1975, 1998 y 2008- acerca del asesinato de una joven de quince a os en la peque a ciudad de Aurora, en New Hampshire. En 2008, Marcus Goldman, un joven escritor, visita a su mentor -Harry Quebert, autor de una aclamada novela- y descubre que ste tuvo una relaci n secreta con Nola Kellergan. Poco despu s, Harry es arrestado y acusado de asesinato al encontrarse el cad ver de Nola enterrado en su jard n. Marcus comienza a investigar y a escribir un libro sobre el caso. Mientras busca demostrar la inocencia de Harry, una trama de secretos sale a la luz. La verdad solo llega al final de un largo, intrincado y apasionante recorrido. English description The Truth About the Harry Quebert Affair has rocked the publishing world, and is already being called the Swiss Millennium,| referring to the huge success of Stieg Larsson's Millennium trilogy. Just one month after the Frankfurt Book Fair, The truth about the Harry Quebert affair had been sold to 33 countries and won three literary awards in France, the Prix Goncourt, Grand prix du roman de l'Acad mie fran aise, and the Lire Prize for best novel in French.Who killed Nola Kellergan? In 2008, a young writer named Marcus Goldman pays a visit on his mentor and acclaimed author Harry Quebert. There, Marcus discovers Quebert s secret affair with Nola Kellergan. Soon after, Harry is charged with the murder of the woman after authorities find her body buried in Quebert s back yard. Working to prove his mentor s innocence Marcus starts an investigation, recording every aspect of the case in a book. An intricate web of secrets starts to emerge, but the truth will only be uncovered after a long, complex, and exciting journey. An extraordinary detective tale and romantic novel, and an exceptional thriller that escapes all attempts of description, The Truth About the Harry Quebert Affair recounts in three distinct time periods 1975, 1998, and 2008 the mystery surrounding the murder of a young fifteen-year old woman in a small town in New Hampshire.
