15850976:::::Ameca J and the Revenge of Rex-Ultar:::::THE REVENGE OF REX-ULTAR In Book I of the Ameca J Chronicles, Ameca aka The Flame, Fraya aka The Flower, and Paul aka The One are the heirs of Menindus, each with fabulous, magical powers. Previously thought to be normal people from Earth, the father and daughters had been magically transported to the land of Mythrania where they successfully battled the Scelestus, the evil entity bent on domination of the entire universe or was it successful? In Book II, Paul is dead, murdered while rescuing Fraya from the clutches of the malignant Scelestus. Torn with grief, both Ameca and Fraya jump at the chance to bring their father back to life. Seeking the guidance of Menindus, the ancient Magi tells the girls they must leave Mythrania and return to their own world, taking three companions with them on a quest to recover a powerful magical artefact that has the ability to return the dead to life or make the living immortal. But all is not as they left it on their world. Their mother has been abducted and so have they according to the newspapers. The girls must contend with the police, who are trying to rescue them; Lord Bellatrix, the High Priest of the Scelestus, who is implementing a plan to enslave humanity; and the immortal Rex-Ultar, who has been waiting for them ever since Menindus killed his father, centuries ago. While they are occupied on their quest, the Scelestus agents continue their work to dominate the Kingdoms of Mythrania by infecting the population with a disease that turns them into almost indestructible, flesh-eating monsters. Can Ameca, Fraya and their companions recover the artefact and stop Bellatrix, rescue their mother and return to Mythrania to restore their father to life before the Kingdoms are overrun and the Scelestus returns triumphant? Look out evil...here come the girls...again. AMECA J AND THE LEGACY OF MENINDUS - Part I of the Ameca J Chronicles - releasing 10/09/12 AMECA J AND THE REVENGE OF REX-ULTAR - Part II of the Ameca J Chronicles - releasing 12/13/12 AMECA J AND THE DEMON GOD OF MYTHRANIA - Part III of the Ameca J Chronicles - releasing early 2013
