9572776:::::Outlander:::::#1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER NOW A STARZ ORIGINAL SERIES Twenty years ago, Diana Gabaldon swept readers into her mesmerizing world brimming with history, romance, and adventure. In celebration of the series that has captured the heart of millions, here is a special 20th anniversary edition of the novel that started it all including a new essay, a new map, a CD with Outlander the musical, and more. OUTLANDER The year is 1945. Claire Randall, a former combat nurse, is just back from the war and reunited with her husband on a second honeymoon when she walks through a standing stone in one of the ancient circles that dot the British Isles. Suddenly she is a Sassenach an outlander in a Scotland torn by war and raiding border clans in the year of Our Lord . . . 1743. Hurled back in time by forces she cannot understand, Claire is catapulted into the intrigues of lairds and spies that may threaten her life, and shatter her heart. For here James Fraser, a gallant young Scots warrior, shows her a love so absolute that Claire becomes a woman torn between fidelity and desire and between two vastly different men in two irreconcilable lives. Praise for Diana Gabaldon s Outlander novels Marvelous and fantastic adventures, romance, sex . . . perfect escape reading. San Francisco Chronicle , on Outlander History comes deliciously alive on the page. New York Daily News , on Outlander Gabaldon is a born storyteller. . . . The pages practically turn themselves. The Arizona Republic , on Dragonfly in Amber Triumphant . . . Her use of historical detail and a truly adult love story confirm Gabaldon as a superior writer. Publishers Weekly , on Voyager Unforgettable characters . . . richly embroidered with historical detail. The Cincinnati Post , on Drums of Autumn A grand adventure written on a canvas that probes the heart, weighs the soul and measures the human spirit across [centuries]. CNN , on The Fiery Cross The large scope of the novel allows Gabaldon to do what she does best, paint in exquisite detail the lives of her characters. Booklist , on A Breath of Snow and Ashes Features all the passion and swashbuckling that fans of this historical fantasy series have come to expect. People , on Written in My Own Heart s Blood
