28941426:::::HeartWorks: Eight Stories of Love, Passion, and Romance:::::Eight Great Stories of Love, Passion, and Romance from Vanilla Heart Publishing Authors Charmaine Gordon, Paul Zunckel, Chelle Cordero, Neva Squires-Rodriguez, Lauren Shiro, Tamara Philip, Gwendolyn Jensen-Woodard, and Angela Kay Austin. Gleason s Greetings by Charmaine Gordon Liz Gleason brings laughter and joy into the neighborhood when she opens a card shop. Designing her own humorous greeting cards, business booms and romance blossoms. Is it all too soon when a TV producer shows interest in Liz and her shop? Boer maak Plan (A Love Story) by Paul Zunckel Piet van Zyl finds himself like a fish out of water on meeting the lovely Peggy. The man that will stand down a charging buffalo...the man who is never without a quick chirp...the man, who has an answer for everything has finally met his match...now he is out of his depth, for cupid was around and his arrow hit the burly South African dead center. Always, One More Time by Chelle Cordero Disowned by her parents because of an interracial love affair, Callie Sanders is left alone to raise her son after his father, Jimmy Bernerd, dies fighting in a war on the other side of the world. Desperate to give her son a family she goes to the Bernerd household what she finds is a second chance at love, acceptance, and family. The Fourteenth Floorboard by Neva Squires-Rodriguez Valentine s Day uncovers a new world hidden in her home that no one, including Gabriela, can understand. Not even scratching her own arm helps Gabriela understand that this place is real, and part of the reason is that she uncovers a secret bigger than life itself. Her family tries to convince her to never go to this place again, but Gabriela soon learns for herself, the price associated with getting her there, and that some things are better left unknown. Love, Upside Down by Lauren Shiro Chantal is sure of two things: her general contracting business, and her love for her old flame, Desiree. A serious car accident changes everything, causing her to stop working; and she meets someone new in Grace, a friend of a friend who becomes her care giver. This accident turns her world upside down, even her love. Feeding Romance by Tamara Philip Excerpts from Tamara s award-winning debut novel, The Trouble with Playing Cupid along with the recipes for delicious meals the lovers feed each other along the way, including December s Favorite Buttermilk Pancakes, Tom s Creamy Pasta Primavera for Two, and Cupid s Hot Chocolate (guaranteed to inspire love and adoration from all who drink it). Heart of Night A Nightlife Short Story by Gwendolyn Jensen-Woodard Lady Jannessa Guillory was the daughter of an ambassador, and therefore it was her duty to marry to her station, and to help her father. Yet, the night called to her in such a way she couldn t deny it. And when a voice found her in the dark, she knew she couldn t stop her own passions. Sweets for Your Sweet by Angela Kay Austin Excerpts from Angela s Sweet Victory, along with the recipes for a few of the sweet treats Victoria makes after her move back home to Memphis - and too near to Chad. Includes Sweet Victory itself: a delightful chocolate no-bake treasure of coconut and pecans, and Victoria s favorite comfort food - baked macaroni and cheese. More Great Books by These Great Authors Meet the Authors
