136959:::::Strong Fathers, Strong Daughters: 10 Secrets Every Father Should Know:::::The most important person in a young girl s life? Her father. That s right and teen health expert Dr. Meg Meeker has the data and clinical experience to prove it. After more than twenty years of counseling girls, she knows that fathers, more than anyone else, set the course for their daughters lives. Now Dr. Meeker, author of the critically acclaimed Epidemic: How Teen Sex Is Killing Our Kids, shows you how to strengthen or rebuild your bond with your daughter, and how to use it to shape her life, and yours, for the better. Directly challenging the feminist attack on traditional masculinity, Dr. Meeker demonstrates that the most important factor for girls growing up into confident, well-adjusted women is a strong father with conservative values. To have one, she shows, is the best protection against eating disorders, failure in school, STDs, unwed pregnancy, and drug or alcohol abuse and the best predictor of academic achievement, successful marriage, and a satisfying emotional life. Strong Fathers, Strong Daughters reveals: The essential characteristics and virtues of strong fathers and how to develop them How daughters take cues from their fathers on everything from drug use, drinking, smoking, and having sex, to self-esteem, moodiness, and seeking attention from boys Why girls want you to place restrictions on them (even though they ll complain when you do) How to become a hero to your daughter and why she needs that more than anything The one mistake fathers make that is the primary cause of girls "hooking up" Why girls depend on the guidance of fathers through, and even beyond, their college years Recipe for disaster: the notion that girls "need to make their own decisions and mistakes" Why girls need God and how your faith, or lack thereof, will influence her How to communicate with your daughter and how not to True stories of "prodigal daughters" and how their fathers helped bring them back Dads, you are far more powerful than you think you are. Your daughters need the support that only fathers can provide and if you are willing to follow Dr. Meeker s advice on how to guide your daughter, to stand between her and a toxic culture, your rewards will be unmatched
