36371086:::::Reggae Larger Than Life: The Ultimate Reggae Music Fun and Games Book:::::Reggae Larger than Life: The Ultimate Reggae Music Fun and Games Book (First Edition) is packed full of excitement and many I did not know that moments. These are bound to satisfy Reggae fans all over the world. With 250 exciting objective type questions, crossword puzzles, matching games and other fun activities that pay homage to the artistes, writers, producers and labels, the book is sure to leave you with lasting memories and thrills. These questions and games also provide the perfect platform for you to show off your Reggae music knowledge in front of your chosen audience. Each question will arouse your desire to have another and yet another one. Try this question and see for yourself Born in Nine Miles in the Jamaican parish of St Ann in 1945, this Buffalo Soldier Reggae superstar was given a Lifetime Achievement Grammy Award, posthumously, in the United States on February 21, 2001. Who was he? (a) Peter Tosh (b) Bob Marley (c) Delroy Wilson (d) Dennis Brown There are 249 more questions where that one came from. Engaging with the questions and games is an entertaining way of strengthening your knowledge of Reggae, which is one of the fastest growing music genres around the world. So, if you are looking to enjoy a light moment at home, at a bar, a pub, a members club or other social settings, this book is definitely for you. Even if you are embarking on a long journey such as a coach or train excursion, a flight or a cruise, this is a great source of fun and inspiration for families, friends, work colleagues and many other groups. You could even use this easy to read book as a handy reference guide, as you journey along Reggae s historical corridors. In this edition of Reggae Larger than Life, three of the most talented artistes of our time: Jack Radics, Da Ville and G Whizz also share their sharp and inspiring musical insights. You won t want to miss this. I was brought up on a diet of great Reggae music. I thought I had seen all the possible ways that this genre could be enjoyed. But, this book shows that Reggae is indeed larger than life Richie B (Radio disc jockey and Reggae chart compiler). Reggae and Dancehall music is in our bones and we just love the way it keeps us going. This book is bound to reinforce that Da Ville (Reggae/R n B singer). Reggae Larger than Life is yet another interesting by-product of the music of Jamaica. It is a real source of fun and education G Whizz (Reggae/R n B artiste).
