10147:::::The Complete Sherlock Holmes, Volume I:::::The Complete Sherlock Holmes, Volume I , by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , is part of the Barnes &amp; Noble Classics series, which offers quality editions at affordable prices to the student and the general reader, including new scholarship, thoughtful design, and pages of carefully crafted extras. Here are some of the remarkable features of Barnes &amp; Noble Classics : New introductions commissioned from today's top writers and scholars Biographies of the authors Chronologies of contemporary historical, biographical, and cultural events Footnotes and endnotes Selective discussions of imitations, parodies, poems, books, plays, paintings, operas, statuary, and films inspired by the work Comments by other famous authors Study questions to challenge the reader's viewpoints and expectations Bibliographies for further reading Indices &amp; Glossaries, when appropriate All editions are beautifully designed and are printed to superior specifications; some include illustrations of historical interest. Barnes &amp; Noble Classics pulls together a constellation of influences biographical, historical, and literary to enrich each reader's understanding of these enduring works. The Complete Sherlock Holmes comprises four novels and fifty-six short stories revolving around the world s most popular and influential fictional detective the eccentric, arrogant, and ingenious Sherlock Holmes. He and his trusted friend, Dr. Watson, step from Holmes s comfortable quarters at 221b Baker Street into the swirling fog of Victorian London to exercise that unique combination of detailed observation, vast knowledge, and brilliant deduction. Inevitably, Holmes rescues the innocent, confounds the guilty, and solves the most perplexing puzzles known to literature. Volume I of The Complete Sherlock Holmes starts with Holmes s first appearance, A Study in Scarlet , a chilling murder novel complete with bloodstained walls and cryptic clues, followed by the baffling The Sign of Four , which introduces Holmes s cocaine problem and Watson s future wife. The story collections The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes feature such renowned tales as A Scandal in Bohemia, The Red-Headed League, and The Musgrave Ritual. Tired of writing stories about Holmes, his creator, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , killed him off at the end of The Final Problem, the last tale in The Memoirs . But the public outcry was so great that eight years later he published the masterful The Hound of the Baskervilles , which supposedly takes place before Holmes s death. The separate Volume II of The Complete Sherlock Holmes collects the remaining accounts of Holmes s exploits, including The Adventure of the Empty House, which reveals the elaborate circumstances behind Holmes s literary resurrection. Kyle Freeman , a Sherlock Holmes enthusiast for many years, earned two graduate degrees in English literature from Columbia University, where his major was twentieth-century British literature.
