603992:::::The Whole Pet Diet: Eight Weeks to Great Health for Dogs and Cats:::::One in four pets is obese, and every year owners spends thousands of dollars treating allergies, joint problems, digestive disorders, and serious diseases that could improve dramatically with a nutritious diet. Yet despite promises of complete and balanced meals, most commercial pet foods contain chemical preservatives, indigestible fillers, and dangerous by-products. If your pets are overweight, ailing, or aging or you just want them to be as healthy as possible THE WHOLE PET DIET offers a straightforward plan to achieve lifelong health and well-being. Featuring twenty-five easy recipes for homemade meals and treats, a guide to natural supplements, and practical tips for no-stress grooming and play, this holistic approach to pet care creates optimal health for dogs and cats and it just might changethe way you eat, too.Reviews . . . this book is your pet's ticket to pristine health and longevity. Tails Pet Magazine Andi Brown writes from the heart with years of experience to her credit. Her information is logically developed and her advice is clearly presented. This book empowers you to take control of your animal's health. Anitra Frazier, author of The New Natural Cat If you believe, like Andi Brown does, that pets are as integral to the family as they are to the ebb and flow of life, then this book will dramatically improve the health and vitality of all your four-legged family members. Dr. Marty Becker, veterinary contributor to Good Morning America and author of The Healing Power of Pets THE WHOLE PET DIET is a must-read for any pet owner. Ann Martin, author of Protect Your Pet and Food Pets Die For Andi Brown is on a mission to bring the best health to every pet using one of the most fundamental and important of medicines: good, wholesome food. Gregory Todd, D.V.M. Bravo to Andi Brown, who makes animals happier, sweeter smelling, and less itchy without hurting the environment and without animal tests. Ingrid E. Newkirk, president of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals review in New Age Retailer
