21539243:::::Princess Lizzie and the Sabotaged Magic Bicycle: Book 2:::::Can Princess Lizzie get her wheels spinning after her magic bike breaks? Leave it to the ingenious, undefeatable royal whiz kid to get back in the bike seat again! The adventures of Princess Lizzie continue with Book 2: Princess Lizzie and the Sabotaged Magic Bicycle. This time, the princess must use her celebrated brains and bravery to make it to the Hotel De Charm in time to spirit away her GANK Award, even though it seems that someone is trying to stop her in her path. Will the mysterious pedal meddler succeed? In Book 2, Princess Lizzie is selected to receive a prestigious GANK, which is the Geeky and Nerdy Kids Award for her math, science, and technological excellence. However, her stomach is in absolute jitters at the thought of standing before everyone to claim her honor. To calm her down, her royal and caring parents send her to the park to ride her magic bike. Along the way, she encounters a band of not-so-friendly animals that are on a mission to make sure Princess Lizzie doesn t get to the awards ceremony at Hotel De Charm in time. When her magical bike no longer works, it seems there may be a frenemy in the mix who has tinkered with her means of transportation to the ceremony. Among the forest animals is Owl, a musician who clearly has something that he is not hooting about. There is also Raccoon, whose little black paws take what isn t his. Monkey, Princess Lizzie s savvy, chatty assistant, remains loyally by her side. Hippopotamus, a dwarf pygmy hippo, is a talented mechanic of magical items, and may just prove invaluable with a messed up magical bike. Can Princess Lizzie figure out friend from foe in enough time to be at the hotel when they call out her name? As children become captivated by Princess Lizzie s quick mind and able hand with technological gadgets, they will also noodle through some complex interpersonal issues that will help build a foundation for good friendships and values. With humor, heart, high-tech, and plenty of good old-fashioned girl smarts, Book 2: Princess Lizzie and the Sabotaged Magic Bicycle is a delightful joy ride through uncharted terrain in the children s book and television world. With eye-catching illustrations and sly adult references, parents will be just as enthralled with Princess Lizzie s escapade. Most important, inquisitive kids will hang on every princess-powered page, while they just might learn a new way of seeing the world s limitless possibilities for boys and girls!
