16243767:::::Crossing the Seas: A Diary of My Thoughts:::::About the book (A teaser) "Crossing the Seas: A Diary of My Thoughts" "We can forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light." -- Plato "A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality." ---John Lennon " Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader. " - Tacitus As long as you are alive, and I am alive, our dreams will remain alive. Even after Dr. Martin Luther King was shot, his dreams are still alive and have been passed to the next generation to pursue freedom, democracy, equality, justice, peace, and prosperity. Thanks to his wake-up call and pains-taking efforts, modern society is much more open-minded and tolerant towards differences. A good leader should be a good reader; A good reader can become a good leader. Reading minds can be as challenging as reading books. This book documents my book reading experience and my reflections upon politics, education, psychology, communication, religion, and philosophy...etc. as well as my mind reading experience. It is a collection of my posts on my blog and on Facebook, where I have been sharing my thoughts and interacting with top political and business leaders, celebrities, and scholars in America, Europe, and Asia, implicitly and explicitly during the past two years (Sept.2010 through Sept.2012). It is possible that my Facebook posts might have inspired lots of creative celebrities who produced stunning songs, movies, and TV shows. Here are some songs: "Born this way," "The Edge of Glory," "Hair," "You and I," "Government Hooker," "Princess Die,""Princess High," "So Happy I Could Die," "Bloody Mary," "Highway Unicorn"--- by Lady Gaga "I Love You This Big" by Scotty McCreery, American Idol 2011 winner "Brighter Than the Sun" by Colbie Caillat "I Wanna Go" by Brittney Spears "Options" by Gomez "Firework" by Katy Perry "Love You Like a Love Song" by Selina Gomez "Year of 4" by Beyonce "Princess of China" by Coldplay "International Love" by Pit Bull "Mr. Know-It-All," "Stronger" by Kelly Clarkson "Mr. President " by Coco Jambo WE CAN BE ANYTHING by Apl.de.ap "I Am Your Leader" by Nicki Minaj "Triumph" by Mariah Carey "Give Your Heart A Break," "Sky Scraper" by Demi Lovato "My Hair Song" by Rhett &amp; Link " There's A Place For Us" by Carrie Underwood "One Thing," "Take Me Home" by One Direction "Let Go," "Chasing Satellite" by Tomas Fiss "Rolling in the Deep" by Adele "Your Body" by Christina Aguilera "Somebody to Love""Turn to You" "As Long as You Love Me" "Believe""Boyfriend" "Dr.Bieber" by Justin Bieber ...among others. Movies and TV shows: The King's Speech, The Master, Magic Mike, Dr. Who, The Who, The Paper Boy, Killing Them Softly, Captain America, Captain China, Captain Planet, The Dictator, The Hunger Game, The Man with Iron Fists, A Gifted Man, Think Like a Man, Master Class, Big Brother, Under-Covered Boss, Train the Dragon...and so forth. Others: Tedx, SpaceX, MITx, HarvardX, Milk X... It feels good to be approved, appreciated, and accepted by so many intelligent people. I hope to reach out to more people and make more connections, which are vital.
