30344537:::::Just Say No: The Spectator On The 1975 Referendum:::::Featuring an introduction from The Spectator editor and Telegraph columnist Fraser Nelson, and edited by Toby Young and Constance Watson And including such prominent contributors as Enoch Powell and Tony Benn . Just Say No: The Spectator On The 1975 Referendum is a fascinating collection of material from The Spectator magazine during the tense lead up to the last vote on Europe. It was the first referendum ever to be held throughout the entire United Kingdom and a passionately fought contest on both sides. The Spectator was one of only two mainstream publications to oppose Britain s membership of the Common Market, the other being The Morning Star . In the lead up to the 2016 UK referendum on the same question, the arguments played out in the pages of Britain s leading political weekly 40 years ago have never been more relevant. Collected for the first time in e-book format, with articles from contributors like Patrick Cosgrave, an adviser to Margaret Thatcher, and MPs such as Richard Body, Just Say No lays out the arguments against the European Economic Community as it was in 1975 and makes the case for an independent United Kingdom. The Spectator is a weekly British magazine. It was first published on 6 July 1828, making it the oldest continuously published magazine in the English language. The Spectator s taste for controversy, however, remains undiminished. There is no party line to which its writers are bound originality of thought and elegance of expression are the sole editorial constraints. The result, week after week, is that the best British journalists, critics, authors and cartoonists turn out their best work and produce an extraordinarily wide-ranging title. Endeavour Press is the UK's leading independent digital publisher. For more information on our titles please sign up to our newsletter at www.endeavourpress.com . Each week you will receive updates on free and discounted ebooks. Follow us on Twitter: @EndeavourPress and on Facebook via http://on.fb.me/1HweQV7 . We are always interested in hearing from our readers. Endeavour Press believes that the future is now.
