1251036:::::Nesohc: A new version of Jesus:::::This book is a marvelous novel with a new twist on the origin, birth, life, miracles, teachings, death and resurrection of Jesus. The author attributes the of origin of Jesus to an extraterrestrial civilization who also seeded earth with the elements which made possible the development of life. He explains that Jesus came to complement the 12 commandments, as purposefully prearranged and directed by an unusual superpower. The novel is very well researched and the plot unfolds in an enjoyable and easy to follow manner which glues you to the book from beginning to end. The protagonists, (Jesus and the disciples), are depicted in a fresh, realistic, humorous and earthly manner befitting of their true nature. The plot, although a fictional interpretation of the life of Jesus, is so plausible that it is difficult to discard, and throw it in the science fiction bag. The author presents reasonable alternatives as to the origin of life on earth; the development, nature, and ultimate destination of the human soul; a sensible method of space travel infinitely faster than the speed of light; and many other wonderfully creative insights which provide much fuel for thought. Although the primary purpose of the book is that of entertainment, the very nature of its content is bound to produce a great deal of introspection in those with an open mind. On the other hand, it may seem a bit threatening and controversial to rigid individuals who may be unwilling to consider and analyze accounts which differ from their own views. The author advocates no theories, but merely presents a script which differs from the traditional orthodox view. He makes no allegations as to the validity of the script argument, but merely spills a glass which is soaked by the creative and imaginative minds of the readers I highly recommend this book to all audiences. Its fast an easy to follow style will provide many hours of enjoyable thoughtful reading just as much for adolescents as for elderly adults. Its deep philosophical implications make it a worthy mental exercise for analytical individuals interested in philosophy, metaphysics, religion, psychology, and ethics. Overall, this is a very enjoyable, entertaining, and easy to follow book which provides a banquet for thought.
