152931:::::Must Love Dogs:::::The Must Love Dogs series: Must Love Dogs (#1) Must Love Dogs: New Leash on Life (#2) Must Love Dogs: Fetch You Later (#3) Must Love Dogs: Bark &amp; Roll Forever (#4) Must Love Dogs: Who Let the Cats In? (#5) "Funny and pitch perfect." -Chicago Tribune "Wildly witty" -USA Today "Cook dishes up plenty of charm." -San Francisco Chronicle "A hoot" -The Boston Globe First the much-loved USA Today bestselling novel by Claire Cook. Then the romantic comedy movie adaptation starring Diane Lane and John Cusack. Now MUST LOVE DOGS is a series! "Voluptuous, sensuous, alluring and fun. Barely 40 DWF seeks special man to share starlit nights. Must love dogs." Divorced preschool teacher Sarah Hurlihy's first mistake is letting her bossy big sister write her personal ad. Her second mistake is showing up to meet her first date in more than a decade. Now she's juggling her teaching job, her big, rollicking, interfering south-of-Boston Irish family, and more men than she knows what to do with. And what's up with all these dogs that are suddenly galloping into her life? "A hilariously original tale about dating and its place in a modern woman's life." -BookPage "If Must Love Dogs is any indication of her talents, readers will hope that Claire Cook will be telling breezy summer stories from the South Shore of Massachusetts for seasons to come." -The Washington Post "A laugh-out-loud novel . . . a light and lively read for anyone who has ever tried to re-enter the dating scene or tried to 'fix up' anyone else." -Boston Herald "This utterly charming novel by Cook is a fun read, perfect for whiling away an afternoon on the beach." -Library Journal "Claire Cook's Must Love Dogs, a book that's got more giggles than soda bread has raisins." -Hartford Courant "Claire Cook (Must Love Dogs) has built a brand writing light-hearted women's fiction blending kernels of the absurd and comedic in compulsively readable combinations." -Shelf Awareness "The exuberant and charming Claire Cook is one of the sassiest and funniest creators of contemporary women's fiction." -The Times-Picayune
