13317882:::::Fornicationn:::::My name is Portia and I am a hoe from a long line of hoes; however, unlike my family before me, I have turned pussy into a lucrative enterprise. My grandmother was an old school hooker who relied on a few regulars to supply her basic needs, and my mother was a cracked- out-trick who was killed by a junkie pimp in an alley way. I was there, five-years-old, cold, hungry and huddled near a dumpster. I watched him beat the life out of my mom for the twenty dollars she d just made. I sat there for hours until the hunger pains forced me to move. I grew up in this ass-for-cash game. I ve seen the best and survived the worst. I am the madam of an elite prostitution ring in the hood, and this is the story of how the ring was broken Honey Williams aka Honey Dip is a former junkie trick turned call girl that secretly yearns for a relationship with her daughter and a chance at a normal life. She is tired of the game but doesn't want to turn her back on the prostitutes that saved her life and welcomed her into their family when nobody else wanted to be bothered. Just when she thinks things couldn't be anymore complicated, she falls in love with a man who is young enough to be her son and declared off limits by Portia. SEX, DRUGS, LIES, AND BETRAYAL... WELCOME TO THE NIGHT LIFE. YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED! REVIEW Author Julia Press Simmons does it again with another 5 star novel! In this tale of Fornication you will meet Honey Dip as she travels down the road of prostitution, sisterhood and maybe even true love! You will also meet Portia, the leader of the prostitution ring and her girls all know that Portia is not the one to be played with. But, is this sisterhood true or is it all about the money? Would you be more loyal to your pimp or a dollar? These girls have a story to tell and you don't want to miss out! Find out what this author put together in Fornication. If you've read any of her other books you know you will not be disappointed! Julia's pen game is tight! I can't wait for volume 2!!! Stephanie Tarrer Divas &amp; Gents Into Urban/Street Lit! (Facebook)
