18111173:::::Shadow Falls, Complete Series: 5 Books + 2 Short Stories:::::Jam-packed with action and romance from the very beginning, Hunter s lifelike characters and paranormal creatures populate a plot that will keep you guessing till the very end. A perfect mesh of mystery, thriller, and romance. Vampires, weres and fae, oh my! RT BookReviews Now available together for the first time, don t miss the complete collection, books 1-5 in C. C. Hunter s spectacular Shadow Falls series! Join Kylie as she learns to harness her powers, control her magic, and live in the normal world in this spectacular five book series containing Born at Midnight; Awake at Dawn; Taken at Dusk; Whispers at Moonrise; Chosen at Nightfall ! Along with the two e-original Shadow Falls novellas: Turned at Dark and Saved at Sunrise. One night changes Kylie Galen's life forever. Caught at the wrong party, with the wrong crowd, at the wrong time, she's shipped off to Shadow Falls, a camp for troubled teens, but once there she soon discovers not everything is as it seems. Instead of the usual assortment of juvenile delinquents, Kylie's new classmates are witches, werewolves, shapeshifters, and vampires, just learning to control their powers. And they think she's one of them. Kylie s never felt normal, but surely she doesn t belong here with a bunch of paranormal freaks either. Or does she? As if life wasn t complicated enough, enter Derek and Lucas. Derek s a half Fae who s determined to be her boyfriend, and Lucas is a smokin hot werewolf with whom Kylie shares a secret past. Both Derek and Lucas couldn t be more different, but they both have a powerful hold on her heart. As Kylie struggles to make sense of her feelings and her new abilities, the dark side of the supernatural world emerges and makes life a whole lot harder. An evil enemy lurking in the shadows is about to threaten everything she holds dear and bring her closer to her destiny. Contains Born at Midnight; Awake at Dawn; Taken at Dusk; Whispers at Moonrise; Chosen at Nightfall; Turned at Dark; Saved at Sunrise
