17559004:::::Secret of the Crystal:::::The House of S has been at war with the Zelinites for nearly a thousand years, and there have been many battles fought, many victories, and costly losses on both sides. The Zelinite struggle for power and control over the home planet of Ackturra is one that cannot be lost for Ackturra has one great treasure that is within the Mountains; the power crystals. These ancient crystals and their secrets are only fully understood by those who are in possession of a power crystal. It is these power crystals, and their essence within that gave Ackturrians their extended life expectancy. The Crystal Mountains have been restricted to everyone, with the exception of the few members of the high council. If a power crystal were to fall into the enemy hands of the Zelinites, the war would surely be lost. Jhahnahkan has returned from the outer rim on a mission to find allies to help them with their failing war with the Zelinites. He has been given the honor of a seat on the high council next to his power hungry and jealous brother. Every council member has taken possession of a power crystal, only found on Ackturra. These power crystals give the user special abilities, but Jhahnahkan senses that there is something about them that doesn t seem right. Jhahnahkan must discover the hidden secrets in order to overcome the evil that is upon them. Will he uncover the Secret of the Crystal before his evil brother takes over the high council and launches genocide on the Zelinites? Brian Larson dramatically depicts a magical world in this epic story of good versus evil. Join Jhahnahkan in the amazing adventure of Secret of the Crystal. Brian Larson received his master s in business administration. He works as a regional service technical delivery manager for a large computer manufacturer. His passion for writing gave him the strength to work through his dyslexia to write this novel. Brian lives with his wife, Diana, in the state of Washington. Learn more at http://www.secretofthecrystal.com .
