10922494:::::Earth Sink:::::Earth Sink is a challenging and insightful read that demands an attentive mind and some awareness of the sociopolitical trends going on in America and around the world. Secret societies, banking cartels, and terrorist regimes have been funding and grooming political candidates for the highest offices of American government. A one man sleeper cell has been in play since 2008. The American people blindly voted him into position. Or did they? In a day when it is becoming a crime to worship Jesus Christ, signs of the times and biblical prophecies are unfolding at ever increasing rates. The story starts way back in a time veiled from your mind, when you fought a war you don't remember, a war for your very right to be born. Events playing out on Earth are extensions of that war. The original foes know you better than you know yourself, and they cannot be killed. They were never alive. The story is a fictional dramatization framed around principles of eternal truth. Earth Sink will penetrate your soul to the core. You will not be able to remain neutral or indifferent after reading this book in its entirety. The open minded reader will find answers to some of man s most profound questions and will likely come away with even more questions and some intensely emotional opinions. Earth Sink contains personal dreams experienced by the author and is based in part on the author's dreams. It is written mostly in narrative form with very little dialog. The eternal future of every individual on earth, alive or dead, hangs in the balance. A simple vicarious work can tip the scales toward eternal life. The sheer volume of vicarious work to be done is astronomical. Scant few ever attempt it. Will they endure long enough to complete the work, or will they succumb to the swelling tides of evil? While offering insights into theological anthropology and eschatology, Earth Sink depicts the tragic results of prevailing modern societal trends. The book exposes the primordial roots of political influences operating works of darkness that drive a progressive global state of affairs that exclusively favors the world's elites at the expense of liberty and individual freedoms. Earth Sink warns about the deliberate dismantling of the United States constitution from the inside by a compromised and corrupted executive branch of American government collaborating with secret combinations of banking cartels, mega corporations, and terrorist organizations. The most powerful position in the world is handed over to diabolical figures bent on seating a world government that opposes every virtue that once set mankind above beasts. The catastrophic consequences of globalized mainstream sociopolitical movements leading up to the second coming of Jesus Christ are unrelentingly drilled home in overwhelmingly graphic detail unleashed from the vivid and explosive imagination of the author. Earth Sink does not skimp on cataclysmic mayhem and apocalyptic doom. Take heed if you want to live. End times have already been underway longer than you realize. Earth Sink is a scathing and brutal portent. The author is absolutely unmindful of reader sensitivity. He employs no semblance of political correctness. Some readers may find parts of the story extremely disturbing, offensive, and controversial. Though written as fiction, the story alludes to the serious truth of what is going on around us and among us right now. In addition to whetting the inquisitive mind with a glimpse of cutting edge science and futuristic technologies, Earth Sink is both politically relevant and spiritually applicable to everyone. It describes a globalized society driven by influences that promote and then exploit worldwide pacifism, greed, envy, pride, and chaos which in turn drives a desperate need for change. Upon that desperate need for change, the world's elites slide into coveted positions of absolute power and total control while their bovine, unthinking constituents and porcine subjects wallow in passive complacency, recklessly relying on the mercies of those they have allowed to gain power over them. All will be well, or will it? Earth Sink extrapolates a possible future from past and present issues. Read the story as if it were real. Some of it is unequivocally real. Some of it may become real. Ponder it carefully and decide for yourself what is real and what is fiction. Beware, your time will soon run out. Earth Sink was written to do more than merely entertain. It was written as a wake up call to change lives, hopefully for the better.
