10448083:::::Great Expectations:::::This is the BEST version of Great Expectations you will find for your Kindle. Here's how it's different from the rest: This edition includes illustrations from the original publication of this work, by artist Charles Green You are getting the full, unabridged text In addition to OCR software, this text has been meticulously proofed by human eyes Spelling, punctuation and other minor errors have been corrected Many formatting changes have been applied to ensure an optimal reading experience on your Kindle screen, including: Removal of excess white space Indentation of paragraphs italicization of text where appropriate For easier navigation, an active Table of Contents with selectable links has been added This edition also includes a custom cover designed specifically for this title, to evoke the feeling of an old-fashioned, leather-bound hardcover (without the bulk of an actual paper book!) Finally, the actual file is DRM free, for your convenience You are highly encouraged to download a sample and preview this exquisitely prepared edition for yourself. Compare it against other samples and you will find that no other edition reads as comfortably and as beautifully on your Kindle as this one does. Don't settle for an inferior edition when you can have the best! Happy reading! -------------------------------------------------- Information about this title: Great Expectations is a novel by Charles Dickens. It was first published in serial form in the publication All the Year Round from 1 December 1860 to August 1861. It has been adapted for stage and screen over 250 times. Great Expectations is the story of the orphan Pip, writing about his life (and attempting to become a gentleman along the way). The novel, like much of Dickens' work, draws on his experiences of life and people. The main plot of Great Expectations takes place between Christmas Eve 1812, when the protagonist is about seven years old (and which happens to be the year of Dickens' birth), and the winter of 1840. Great Expectations is written in first person and uses language and grammar that has, since the publication of Great Expectations, fallen out of common use. The title Great Expectations refers to the 'Great Expectations' Pip has of coming into his benefactor's property upon his disclosure to him and achieving his intended role as a gentleman at that time. Great Expectations is a bildungsroman, a novel depicting growth and personal development, in this case, of Pip. Some of the major themes of Great Expectations are crime, social class, empire and ambition. From an early age, Pip feels guilt; he is also afraid that someone will find out about his crime and arrest him. The theme of crime comes in to even greater effect when Pip discovers that his benefactor is in fact a convict. Pip has an internal struggle with his conscience throughout the book. Great Expectations explores the different social classes of the Georgian era. Throughout the book, Pip becomes involved with a broad range of classes, from criminals like Magwitch to the extremely rich like Miss Havisham. Pip has great ambition, as demonstrated constantly in the book.
