25296980:::::The Life of Anna: The Complete Story:::::When tragedy shatters Anna s life at a young age, she finds hope in two men who take her under their wings. Life is perfect until her sixteenth birthday when her world is turned upside down. Her beloved Jack and Devin have turned into monsters that haunt only the darkest of nightmares; nightmares that soon become her reality. The Life of Anna follows the naive and innocent Anna as she enters a dark world of greed, politics, and an evil puppet master who pulls the strings to her world. And beyond. Readers be warned, for this journey is not for the faint of heart. You are about to venture into a world of dark plots, sinister villains, and deeply erotic taboo encounters. Are you brave enough to enter the Life of Anna? ***WARNING*** This book is for grownups. This book is not for people who are easily offended, get nightmares easily, or have difficulty reading books about tough subjects. I do not glorify bad things, but bad things do happen to my poor characters. This is not your typical love story. My heroine does not fall in love and live happily ever after... at least not like the typical heroine. There is a happily ever after, but it is a long, painful journey to that end. This book will likely offend you. This book might make you cry; it might make you throw up. It is a dark book. As my friend, Heidi, said, It s dark. It gets darker. It gets even darker, and then it gets even more darker. And then, just when you think it can t get any darker, it does. But, don t worry. I take you to the deep end gradually. ;) There are many sexual situations in this series of books. People die. People get hurt. Things aren t always truly the way they appear. The antagonist isn t just a bad guy; he s EVIL. My heroine s worldview is skewed; things that may appall you are perfectly normal to her. Any violence in this book is non-gratuitous and crucial to the plot and character development. Do not read this if you are under the age of consent in your country. Do not get angry if the subject or actual book upsets you. If you're reading this, you've been warned.
