20669450:::::Evil in the Beginning:::::In the riverside town of Green Cove Springs, Florida, the freshwater spring at the city park briefly turns blood-red, startling onlookers. Moments later, the last of the discolored water flows into the stream and empties into the river. Only one man knows this event is a prelude to evil. Dr. Curt Lohan and Scott Marks return in the sequel to Death in the Beginning when they discover a hidden cave near the St. Johns River. The cave contains remnants of an ancient cross-oceanic expedition by one of the most enigmatic civilizations that ever inhabited the Earth. As sinister characters emerge in the small town and people begin to disappear, the terrifying truth becomes evident: the magnificent archaeological site holds a dark secret that has been unleashed on the world. PRAISE FOR GARY WILLIAMS &amp; VICKY KNERLY: INDISPUTABLE PROOF It is obvious the amount of research and detail that went into the writing of this story. The writing is creative, thought-provoking and seemingly effortless. I highly recommend this book to all readers. It s a story that will keep you totally immersed and take you places that will astound you. Marilou George, The Kindle Book Review DEATH IN THE BEGINNING (THE GOD TOOLS: BOOK 1) "Science, spirituality and the supernatural collide in this break-out debut thriller, with an action-packed storyline so tightly woven, you won t be able to catch your breath until the very end. It s a delicious, twisting journey unlike any I have read. CK Webb, co-author of Cruelty to Innocents and Collecting Innocents THREE KEYS TO MURDER Three Keys to Murder is a riveting roller coaster ride, complete with non-stop action, intriguing characters, and an amazing plot line. Up until now, I ve always thought that The Da Vinci Code had the perfect flow for a murder mystery novel, sending the lead character on a quest to connect history with artifacts, but in retrospect, I think Three Keys to Murder might just top The Da Vinci Code. Thus, if you re a lover of The Da Vinci Code, then Williams and Knerly s novel is a must read! Five stars. Shana Benedict of A Book Vacation Reviews: Favorite Books Read in 2012 MANIPULATION Manipulation is a twisting, turning story exposing the most primal aspects of human behavior. It s a classic tale of greed and lust, told with a fresh perspective that drives the story at a frenetic pace. You won t see the ending coming. Williams and Knerly have done it again! Allison Leotta, author of Speak of the Devil
