30233273:::::Longing:::::LONGING is Book 2 of this Dangerously Arousing BDSM Erotic Romance Series. The DOM of all DOMs! Enzio s longing for Lana is an endless, aching need. She is his drug. But Lana wants Enzio as her loving Master, and Dom 241 as the masked brute of a man who takes her roughly and shows her no mercy as he exhausts her sexually. She craves the beast with the bullwhip, and willingly accepts complimentary tickets to The Looking Glass. As the night s captive at a party at The Looking Glass, Lana is blindfolded by Dom 241 and escorted to the center of a bed, where he ties her arms and legs to the four posts with a nylon rope. I think you deserve a reward, he says as he unbuttons his pants and moves between her legs. The muscular Dom with the sculpted body looms over her, ready to reward her as only he can. While Lana struggles between two Doms, Enzio confronts old demons, and enemies begin to surface. A dangerous, obsessed client stalks him, and a competitor s club threatens his multi-million dollar business. Excerpt: Lana stared at his tight abs and chest before moving up to his masked face. She gazed into his strong eyes and he reached into his back pocket and pulled out a collar. As of this moment, I am your Master, he spoke sternly into her ear, You will obey all of my orders and refer to me as Dom. Do you understand? There was a slight hesitation before she nodded. He pulled the leash and Lana stumbled toward him. Welcome to the Gala experience, he growled. Why are you here, Darling? he asked. Lana didn t know what to say as she watched him walk toward the door in the private room and click the lock. He turned to look at her and she felt a chill through her veins. I won t ask you again, he growled. She tried to say something, but nothing came out. She felt his hands on her waist and he ran his fingers over her butt. Lana was shaking, and he pulled her hair. I asked you a question, Darling, his voice boomed. I I was curious, she stuttered. About what? I was curious about you, Master. I am not you Master! he yelled. You are already claimed. Call me Dom. She hesitated briefly. Yes, Dom. Does your Master satisfy you? Yes, Dom. Is your Master a good Master? Oh yes, Dom, he s wonderful. Her words caused him to smile. Then I will ask you one last time, Darling, why are you here? She didn t answer. What is it that you want from me that your Master cannot give to you, Lana? Still she didn t answer. You have no safe word today, he softly said, placing a blindfold over her eyes.
