13608557:::::Residue:::::From the author of the bestselling Guardian Trilogy comes a new romantic suspense! Book One of the Residue Series... When Jocelyn Weatherford is whisked away from a preparatory academy in upstate New York to live with her extended family in New Orleans, she is unprepared to encounter the dangers awaiting her. Yet even as she is thrust into an unfamiliar world of witches and voodoo magic, the greatest threat of all may be the boy she has fallen for. While handsome and charming, he is also a Caldwell... a member of the family the Weatherford's have been feuding with for centuries. As their forbidden love grows it becomes the volatile spark that forever changes their world and everyone in it. REVIEWS: "Captivating, romantic and unique! I've read the entire series and I'll assure you this is a great series that will have your heart racing each book." - Chit Chat Book Book Reviews "Tension and danger, innocence and love, humor or seriousness moments are inspired combined. And all takes place in the mist and illusions of magic." - Mythical Books "The story is very well written, and it keeps you on your toes. Laury Falter has created a world that has gotten me hooked." - Unabridged Bookshelf Book Reviews "Residue is a rejuvenating read. The story moved along at a steady pace. The author gave us the right amount of description and detail to tell the story without over doing it. The magical elements were cool (gris gris bags and voodoo dolls). The main characters are strong and unique." - Reader Girls Book Reviews "Essentially what you get with Residue is a well-written and well-planned novel that reads smoothly and easily from cover to cover. I am comfortable recommending this title to all YA+ readers." - RoloPolo Book Reviews "I liked the book and I recommend it to all Young Adult readers out there." - Ramblings Of A YA Reader Book Reviews "This book has a level of uniqueness that makes it amazing and memorable. I definitely want more from these characters and I plan to read the later books in the series." - Bookish Treasures Book Reviews The remaining books in the Residue Series - Birthright, Savior, and Prophecy - are also available!
