28528911:::::Falling Completely:::::MALIYA Falling in love is not for me. I don t do relationships, they never end well. I don t believe in fate, soul mates or happy, fairy tale endings. I m definitely not a sweet little princess in search of her prince. I have a plan to follow and falling in love is not part of that plan. Nothing is going to change my mind. Not even a domineering, gorgeous, blue-eyed firefighter who seems to be everywhere I go. CALEB The moment I saw her, I knew. I knew the funny, curvy, raven haired beauty was supposed to be mine. She may not agree with me at the moment, but I m a patient man. I m not afraid to play dirty to get what I want. And I want Maliya Abbott. When her sister decides to move from London, across the Atlantic Ocean to Starling Falls to run an estranged relative s bakery, Maliya Abbott is pretty sure her sister has lost her ever-loving mind. Not wanting to be separated from the only family she has left, Maliya goes with her, a move that was only supposed to last a year. After all, training to be a doctor at the same University her parents did had always been her goal. What she hadn t planned on, was meeting Caleb Jameson. A man who is adamant they are destined to be together. That would be great, if she actually believed in any of that crap. She also hadn t planned on his insane, lovable, meddling family trying to derail her plans. Maliya is a smart girl. She knows what she wants and what she doesn t want. She definitely wants to go to Oxford University and train to become a doctor. She definitely does NOT want anything to do with Caleb Jameson. Now, if only she could get her stupid heart to listen to her head. Authors Note: 18+ For mature readers only. Book contains graphic language, scenes of a very sexual nature, a dirty-talking and determined alpha male, a sassy and food obsessed heroine who talks to herself far too much, a cynical and suspicious geriatric aunt, a meddlesome family, some very unhelpful friends, a mind controlling goldfish and a possibly cannibalistic cat
