7074728:::::Prehistoric Life: The Definitive Visual History of Life on Earth:::::With an extensive catalog at its heart, Prehistoric Life profiles hundreds of fascinating species in incredible detail. The story starts in earnest 3.8 billion years ago, with the earliest-known form of life on Earth, a bacteria that still exists today, and journeys through action-packed millennia, charting the appearance of new life forms as well as devastating extinction events. Of course, the ever-popular and endlessly intriguing dinosaurs feature large, but Prehistoric Life gives you the whole picture, and the plants, invertebrates, amphibians, birds, reptiles, and mammals that are the ancestors of today's species also populate its pages, making this book unprecedented in its coverage of prehistory. Specially commissioned artworks use cutting-edge technology to render species in breathtakingly realistic fashion, with astonishing images of prehistoric remains, such as skeletons and fossils, to complete the story. To put all the evidence in context, the concept of geological time is explored, as is the classification of species and how the evidence for their evolution is preserved and can be deciphered. New technologies have brought new life to inanimate fossils. CT scanning, for example, unlocks a 3D image of a plant or animal from a piece of rock, which can then be viewed from all angles revealing never-before-seen details. From this researchers can fill in missing pieces and even simulate how an animal might have moved. Panels explore these and numerous other scientific techniques for recovering, dating, and reconstructing, as well as profiling individuals, key excavations and discoveries, and some of the unique anatomical features that nature has developed over the course of time. The last section of the book looks at the development of humans and the eventual rise to dominance of Homo sapiens, exploring not only their changing anatomy as revealed by the fossils but also the evidence for culture and society as evidenced by extraordinary cave paintings and intricately worked tools. In combination, the stunning visuals, captivating, authoritative text, and comprehensive approach make Prehistoric Life a fascinating and revealing encyclopedia that will appeal to the whole family. TABLE OF CONTENTS 1. LIVING PLANET (38 pp) Foundations of a living planet. The Earth's structure. Plate tectonics, formation of oceans and continents. Changing climate. factors that contribute to climate change, how those can be seen in the geological record, and how that has affected life on Earth. Reconstructing the past. Using the present to understand the past (rocks and the rock cycle, layers of rock and dating) Fossils. Types of fossils, how they form, reconstructing the past from them (digging up, analysis), reconstructing past environments, dating using fossils. Geological timescale. Explanation of geological time. Life on Earth. What is life? Natural selection, DNA, molecular clocks, mass extinctions. Timeline of Evolution. Broad-scale look at major evolutionary markers through time. Classification. How we classify living organisms. The kingdoms of life. 2. ON EARTH (398 PP) This chapter will be organized so that pages can be removed to leave a section of 360pp. his consists of a catalog divided into geological periods. Each period introduction covers the conditions on Earth at the time (geology and climate) and includes a chart showing the evolution of the main forms of life. The subsequent catalog entries are organized into groups: Microscopic life; Plants and Fungi; Invertebrates; and Vertebrates, with each having an introduction detailing the main evolutionary developments within the group. Archean 3.8-2.5 billion years ago (4pp) Period introduction. (1p) Archean life intro - (1p) the rise of life. Biology of cells; prokaryotes, cyanobacteria, stromatolites. Catalog of species. Proterozoic 2.5 billion-543 mya (6pp) Period introduction. (2pp) Microscopic life intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (1p) Invertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (1p) Cambrian 543-490 mya (20pp) Period introduction (4pp) Microscopic life intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (3pp) Invertebrates intro. (2pp) Catalog of species. (8pp) Vertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (1p) Ordovician 490-443 mya (14pp) Period introduction. (4pp) Microscopic life intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (1p) Plants and fungi intro. (1p) Catalog of species.(1p) Invertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (3pp) Vertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (1p) Silurian 443-417 mya (20pp) Period introduction. (4pp) Microscopic life intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (1p) Plants and fungi intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (1p) Invertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (7pp) Vertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (3p) Devonian 417-354 mya (34pp) Period introduction. (4pp) Microscopic life intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (1p) Plants and fungi intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (7pp) Invertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (7pp) Vertebrates intro. (2p) Catalog of species. (10pp) Carboniferous 354-290 mya (38pp) Period introduction. (4pp) Microscopic life intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (1p) Plants and fungi intro. (2pp) Catalog of species. (8pp) Invertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (9pp) Vertebrates intro. (2pp) Catalog of species. (10pp) Permian 290-248 mya (26pp) Period introduction. (Microscopic life intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (1p) Plants and fungi intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (3pp) Invertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (7pp) Vertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (7pp) Triassic 248-206 mya (30pp) Period introduction. (Microscopic life intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (1p) Plants and fungi intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (5pp) Invertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (3pp) Vertebrates intro. (1pp) Catalog of species. (13pp) Jurassic 206-144 mya (56pp) Period introduction. (4pp) Microscopic life intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (1p) Plants and fungi intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (5pp) Invertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (9pp) Vertebrates intro. (2pp) Catalog of species. (24pp) Cretaceous 144-65 mya (54pp) Period introduction. (4pp) Microscopic life intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (1p) Plants and fungi intro. (2pp) Catalog of species. (10pp) Invertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (9pp) Vertebrates intro. (2pp) Catalog of species. (24pp) Paleogene 65-23.8 mya (34pp) Period introduction. (4pp) Microscopic life intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (1p) Plants and fungi intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (6pp) Invertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (6pp) Vertebrates intro. (2pp) Catalog of species. (12pp) Neogene 23.8-1.8 mya (32pp) Period introduction. (4pp) Microscopic life intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (1p) Plants and fungi intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (6pp) Invertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (7pp) Vertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (10pp) Quaternary 1.8 mya-Present (26pp) Period introduction. (4pp) Microscopic life intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (1p) Plants and fungi intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (Invertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (5pp) Vertebrates intro. (1p) Catalog of species. (8pp) 3. THE RISE OF HUMANS (44PP) Timeline of human evolution. Coverage of: Sahelanthropus tchadensis, Orrorin tugenesis, Ardipithecus kadabba, Ardipithecus ramidus, Australopithecus anamensis, Australopithecus afarensis, Kenyanthropus platyops, Australopithecus africanus, Australopithecus aethiopicus, Australopithecus garhi, Homo habilis, Homo rudolfensis, Paranthropus boisei, Homo ergaster, Paranthropus robustus, Homo erectus, Homo heidelbergensis, Homo neanderthalensis, Homo sapiens. Themes of anatomy, DNA, global expansion, tool use, diet, communication, ecology, society, and culture run through the section. Glossary/Index/Acknowledgements
