496123:::::The Dark Side of Midnight: Featuring The Other Side of Midnight, Rage of Angels, Bloodline:::::Now appearing for the first time together, three of Sidney Sheldon's number one bestselling novels The Other Side of Midnight , Rage of Angels , and Bloodline are featured in this celebratory collection. The Other Side of Midnight is Sidney Sheldon at his best. This page-turner is full of tortured romantic entanglements, reverses of fortune, thrilling suspense, and ultimate justice. In Paris, Washington, and a fabulous villa in Greece, an innocent American becomes a bewildered, horror-stricken pawn in a game of vengeance and betrayal. She is Catherine Douglas, a woman caught in a web of four lives intertwined by passion as her handsome husband pursues an incredibly beautiful film star . . . and as Constantin Demeris, a legendary Greek tycoon, tightens the strands that control them all. Rage of Angels features the memorable, mesmerizing heroine Jennifer Parker, a razor-sharp but beautiful attorney on her way up the New York political ladder until the Mafia's schemes win her the hatred of an implacable enemy and a love more destructive than hate. She journeys into the dangerous, dramatic, and dark world of organized crime and flashbulb-lit courtrooms, where ambitious and ruthless prosecutors begin their climb to power, and she travels to her own personal hell and back again. Bloodline is one of the best of Sheldon's blockbuster thrillers. Roffe and Sons is a family firm, an international empire filled with desperate, cash-hungry family members. At its head was one of the wealthiest men in the world a man who has just died in a mysterious accident and left his daughter, Elizabeth, in control of the company. Now as this intelligent, tough, and gorgeous woman dares to save not sell Roffe and Sons, she will have to outwit those who secretly want her power . . . and the unknown assassin who wants her life. Bloodline is a sweeping novel of high financial intrigue on three continents, love, murder, danger, and suspense.
