30971808:::::Capture Me: The Complete Trilogy:::::All 3 books in the USA Today bestselling trilogy, available for a limited time in one convenient, discounted bundle. A perfectly dark thrill ride of breathtaking action and scorching hot romance Skye Warren, New York Times bestselling author Yulia, he whispers, staring down at me, and I know he feels it too, this pull, this visceral connection between us. He may have all the power, but in this moment, he s as vulnerable as I am, caught in the grip of the same madness. Forced to join a secret intelligence agency at a young age, Russian interpreter/spy Yulia Tzakova is no stranger to dangerous men. But she s never known one as ruthless and compelling as Lucas Kent. The hard-edged mercenary frightens her, yet she s drawn to him to a man she has no choice but to betray. Second-in-command to a powerful arms dealer, Lucas Kent has never met a woman he s wanted as much as Yulia. Obsessed with the beautiful blonde, he ll stop at nothing to capture her and make her pay for her betrayal. From the icy streets of Moscow to the steamy jungles of Colombia, their dark, all-consuming passion will either crush them or set them free. ****** Blazing hot, captivating, and fast-paced Josie Litton, New York Times bestselling author ****** Over 400 5-star reviews across individual books. Here s what readers are saying: Intense, dark, erotic, magnetic, captivating, suspenseful, thrilling, and deeply intriguing page after page of longing and need, and danger, more longing, more danger, then erotic fulfillment, more need, then romantic bliss, then (Arrgh!) MORE DANGER! I just loved every minute of it! The intensity between Yulia and Lucas was electric and tragic in the best possible way Anna Zaires delivers another masterpiece, I can never get enough of her writing. Another dark hero of hers, Lucas has forever captured my heart and this trilogy will always be one of the absolute best dark romance stories that I've had the opportunity to read! the kind of series that will stay in your heart forever
