18490383:::::Sinners at the Altar:::::Even Sinners need love... Sinners at the Altar includes four complete wedding stories, each about a different member of the rock band Sinners . These novellas are intended to be read after the Sinners on Tour series as each story is an epilogue to a different book in the series and thus riddled with major spoilers for not only individual books, but in some cases, the entire series. When Sinners tie the knot, things don't always go as planned. Appetite for Seduction - Epilogue to Backstage Pass Lead guitarist Brian Sinclair may have finally won Professor Myrna Evans heart and her consent to wed, but being part of a high-maintenance band might just ruin his long-anticipated wedding day and steamy wedding night. Will the couple ever find a moment's peace or are some things more important than a night of uninhibited love-making? Sweet Love of Mine - Epilogue to Wicked Beat Drummer Eric Sticks is determined to marry sweet and sassy soundboard operator, Rebekah Blake, on the spur of the moment. But can he really offer the love of his life the wedding of her dreams in a small, unplanned ceremony? And can Rebekah offer Eric the one thing missing from his life that never realized he wanted? Patience - Epilogue to Rock Hard Lead singer Sed Lionheart never really wanted a big fancy wedding. He just wanted the girl. But his hot-tempered fiancee, Jessica Chase, has her heart set on a memorable ceremony and she is determined to persist through the aggravation to have the wedding of her dreams. The ceremony turns out to be memorable, all right, but not necessarily in the way they'd planned. Can the stressed-out couple recognize what's really important on their wedding day, or is the honeymoon over before it even begins? November Rain - Epilogue to Hot Ticket Professional dominatrix Aggie "Mistress V" Martin is madly in love with bassist Jace Seymour, but she's not in any real hurry to marry him. She's not really the wife "type". That all changes the moment she lays eyes on the perfect place to say "I do". With more than one obstacle in their path to wedded bliss, will these two ever make it down the aisle or will everything fall apart at the whim of others?
