10859772:::::The Chair:::::If someone gave you a chair and said it was made by Jesus Christ, would you believe them? When an elderly lady shows up in Corin Roscoe's antiques store and gives him a chair she claims was crafted by Jesus, he scoffs. But when a young boy is miraculously healed two days after sitting in the chair, he stops laughing and starts wondering . . . could this chair heal the person whose life Corin destroyed twelve years ago? As word spreads of the boy's healing, a mega-church pastor is determined to manipulate Corin into turning over the chair. And that mysterious woman who gave him the piece flits in and out of his life like a shadow, insinuating it's Corin s destiny to guard the chair above everything else. But why? Desperate, he turns to the one person he can trust, a college history professor who knows more about the legend of the chair than he'll reveal. Corin's life shatters as he searches for the truth about the artifact and the unexplained phenomena surrounding it. What s more, he's not the only one willing do almost anything to possess the power seemingly connected to the chair. Acclaim for The Chair : "James Rubart is one of my new favorite authors. The Chair has the same depth and creativity as Rooms , and it was impossible for me to think of anything else until I finished it. I can't wait for his next book!" -- Terri Blackstock , author of Intervention and Vicious Cycle " The Chair is a compelling story that will draw the reader's attention immediately and hold onto it until the end. I've enjoyed all of James L. Rubart's books, but this may be my favorite." -- Tracie Peterson , best-selling author of the Striking a Match series "My kind of story: Thought provoking, filled with the truth of humanity and the compassion of Christ." --Bill Myers, best-selling author of Eli "Romance, danger, mystery, betrayal . . . and most of all, a message of healing and restoration. Taking readers far beneath the surface, Rubart masterfully paints a picture of God's depth of love and longing for relationship with even those who are running away from Him as fast as they can. A tale of unimaginable sacrifice and unconditional love that will tug at your heart long after you've completed the last page." --Kathi Macias, award-winning author of Deliver Me from Evil "Rubart has a stellar ability to communicate spiritual truth through a highly original, well-told story. Relatable characters and a fast-paced plot provide all of the key elements for a compulsively readable tale." -- Romantic Times (4 1/2 stars out of 5) "The message in the story is very powerful . . . the ending brought a huge smile to my face." -- Kissed by Literature "If you're not carrying all three of (James Rubart's) titles, you don't really have a fiction section." --Christian Book Shop Talk
