22594750:::::Your Leadership Edge:::::Not everyone is born a great leader, but anyone can foster core leadership competencies for themselves and become actionable, effective leaders. If you're ready to take the next step in your career and learn the secrets to effectively motivating and developing your team, Your Leadership Edge is the program to take you there. Your Leadership Edge is not just another leadership development self-help book; it is a complete management training program. The leadership training guide is geared toward managers, supervisors and executives of all backgrounds and experience levels and provides concrete steps that you can take to become a better leader right away. As you work through the management training guide, Your Leadership Edge will help you assess your own leadership competencies and allow you to identify your strengths and weaknesses. From there, the leadership development program helps you find ways to overcome the obstacles that stand in your way of being the type of effective leader that motivates, inspires and retains employees. In the pages of Your Leadership Edge, you won't find broad discussions of leadership development that are difficult to relate to or use to affect change in your own leadership style. Instead, you'll engage in a series of exercises and activities that make the concepts discussed relevant to your own position. It's this difference that makes this leadership training program so powerful. By the end, you will have a deeper appreciation of your own level of leadership skills and be poised to lead those who report to you in a way that maximizes their job satisfaction and improves their overall performance. Discover the leadership skills that transform subordinates into productive, positive and driven teams that are poised to accomplish their goals. Become the type of leader that you have always wanted to be. Order the paperback version of Your Leadership Edge or download this life-changing leadership training program for your Kindle today.
