18839746:::::Multilingual Digital Marketing: How to Achieve Your Digital Marketing Objectives and Increase Sales:::::Maria Johnsen has a wonderful way with words that makes this an amazing book to read. Each chapter answers to various questions related to: Solution Benefits How search engines work Paid advertisement strategies that really work: How to bid smart at lowest cost and increase sales? Find out Maria Johnsen's global pay per click strategies Global marketing contains tactics which can be used in North America, Europe and Asia Sales tactics in Europe and North America Multilingual mobile advertising strategy Multilingual neuromarketing Where to find the right sales people and how motivate them to increase sales Multilingual neuromarketing Secrets in successful multilingual marketing Google's latest algorithms and the best practices in increasing a website's online visibility Editorial Reviews "I'm confident that this book helped me out a lot. Lots of useful information on multilingual marketing online. I'm happy I found this." - Steven Holt. "Essential Book for Any Online Marketer - Quick Read, Concise Language, Packed full of Useful Tips!" - Susan Rits "Absolutely amazing information!! I was intrigued from the very beginning of this book because of the need to drive more traffic to my websites." - Anne Stevens About the Author Maria Johnsen holds a degree in political economy Kharkov University in Ukraine, Beauty Arts from Sorbonne University in Paris, BA in Information technology, A in computer science and a Master of Science degree in computer engineering from university of science and technology in Norway. Her professional background and education is diverse and includes skills in areas such as sales, multilingual digital marketing, content writing, business intelligence, software design and development. In addition, she possesses the experience and education in the management of complex Information Systems. Maria knows eighteen languages and possesses experience in language instruction, tutoring, and translation. She has also developed a unique teaching method for fast learning "Implications for Upgrading Accelerated Learning Practices In Educational Systems" This method is applied in China and Norway. Maria Johnsen is also a multilingual SEO, PPC and social media marketing expert. She managed software projects for well-known IT companies and Bank in Norway, China, the UK as well as cooperation with governments and police authorities in regards to projects related to data crime and tracing terrorists online. Starting in 2008, she began offering search engine optimization services. Her company Golden Way Media expanded internationally in 2009 carrying out various projects in Europe, North America and Asia. While offering services to the general public, Maria Johnsen continues to consult with corporate clients, agencies and small businesses. She has skills and proven records in all areas of search engine optimization including keyword targeting, competitor research and on-site optimization. Scroll up and grab a copy TODAY and start dominating the online world in your niche.
