1286711:::::Poppy Shakespeare:::::Shortlisted for the Guardian First Book Prize Poppy Shakespeare is wholly unique -- both an insider's look at the madness of the mental health system and an outsider's discovery of the power of an unlikely friendship, it signals the arrival of an extraordinary new voice on the international literary scene. Who is mad? Who is sane? Who decides? Welcome to the Dorothy Fish, a day hospital in North London. N has been a patient here for thirteen years. Day after day she sits smoking in the common room, swapping medication and comparing MAD money rates. Like all the patients at the Dorothy Fish, N's chief ambition is never to get discharged. Each year, when her annual assessment comes round, she is relieved to learn that she hasn't got any better. Then in walks Poppy Shakespeare in her six-inch skirt and twelve-inch heels. She is certain she isn't mentally ill and desperate to return to her life outside. Though baffled by Poppy's attitude, N agrees to help. Together they plot to gain Poppy's freedom. But in a world where everything's upside-down, are they crazy enough to upset the system? Funny, brilliant, and moving, Poppy Shakespeare looks at madness from the inside, questioning our mental health system and the borders we place between sanity and insanity. Written in high-voltage prose, original and troubling, it is a stunning debut. Excerpt from Poppy Shakespeare: "'It's not that I've got a problem with mental illness, ' Poppy said. 'It's just there's nothing the matter with me. Do you know what I'm saying?' 'I wouldn't worry bout that, ' I said. 'They must think you's mad or you wouldn't be here. Candid Headphones don't reckon she's mad. Never stopped her, ' I said. . . . 'Poppy?' I said, cause I got to say it. Be like watching a blind man walk under a bus. 'You know what you said bout not thinking you's mad?' 'Yes, ' she said, like what of it? 'Well I wouldn't say nothing to them about that, ' I told her. 'Not at the moment. I mean, don't get me wrong, I ain't saying nothing. It's just the doctors, you never know. They might decide to pick up on it. I mean, it's up to you, do you know what I'm saying, but maybe if you stick to your other symptoms.'"
