560637:::::The Patchwork Girl of Oz:::::In this dazzling tale, L. Frank Baum proves once again his power to delight and enchant readers of all ages. Follow the adventures of a charming new band of characters as they explore the wondrous land of Oz and discover that you learn more by traveling than by staying at home. Forced to venture out of the dark forest, Unc Nunkie and Ojo the Unlucky call on the Crooked Magician, who introduces them to his latest creation: a living girl made out of patchwork quilts and cotton stuffing. But when an accident leaves beloved Unc Nunkie a motionless statue, it is up to Ojo to save him. In his search for the magic ingredients that will restore his uncle to life, Ojo is joined by the Patchwork Girl and by the conceited Glass Cat, who boasts of her hard ruby heart, the resourceful Shaggy Man, and the lovable block-headed Woozy, whose tail hairs are just one of the things Ojo needs to rescue Une Nunkie. As they travel to the Emerald City, home of the wise and powerful Ozma, they meet Dorothy, the kind and sensible girl from Kansas; the gallant Scarecrow; and, of course, Toto. But no one proves more loyal than the spirited Patchwork Girl, who, although she was brought to life as a servant, is determined to see the wide world for herself. The Patchwork Girl of Oz has captivated readers for over eighty years. Now, in this stunning new edition--featuring all fifty-one of John R. Neill's original full-color plates as well as eighty black-and-white illustrations--a whole new generation can discover the beauty and wonder of Oz that have made this classic series an enduring favorite. Follow the adventures of a charming band of characters as they join Dorothy and the Scarecrow to explore the wondrous Land of Oz. Meet a living girl made out of patchwork quilts, a conceited Glass Cat, and the lovable block-headed Woozy. A favorite for over eighty years, this stunning facsimile of the rare fist edition features all fifty-one of Neill's full-color plates as well as eighty black-and-white illustrations. A Books of Wonder Classic.
