4185796:::::Love Your Life: Living Happy, Healthy, and Whole:::::Do you ever feel like your life is moving at the speed of light? Are you constantly trying to keep up with all of your commitments and responsibilities? In this day and age when modern communication and technology cause our lives to move faster than ever, many people struggle to strike a balance between all the segments of their lives -- family, friends, career, social obligations, and self.As co-pastor of Lakewood Church -- America's largest church -- Victoria Osteen understands intimately how day-to-day responsibilities can pile up and at times feel overwhelming. As a wife and mother, she sets the tone for her household and acts as a role model for her family. As a minister, she reaches out to an enormous community of people who look to her for guidance, strength, wisdom, and encouragement. She knows as well as anyone that operating in so many different roles can be extremely demanding, yet she has managed to find balance, living her life in the unforced rhythms of grace. If you ask her, she'll tell you that she loves her life and she wants you to love your life, too. No matter where you are in your life, no matter what responsibilities you may carry, you can find peace, balance, and enjoyment in every area of your life; but it all starts with you. You have more power inside you than you realize; all you have to do is learn to tap into what you already have! As you begin to recognize your own abilities and influence, and use them in healthy ways, all the other areas of your life will fall into order. In "Love Your Life, " Victoria shares from her personal life experiences and her journey of faith the lessons she's learned that have made her the woman she is today. As you read, you'll feel like you're in a conversation with a trusted friend as Victoria shows you how to tap into all that God has given you to live effectively -- as a positive influence on the world around you. You'll be inspired by stories of victory and challenged to live at a higher level. You'll read about people who have accomplished incredible things by overcoming their fears, and people who have changed the world around them by simply recognizing their own value. A life well lived does not come easily; you have to set out for it, look for it, and make it happen. "Love Your Life" shows how to turn the challenges of each day into opportunities to love and appreciate all that you are.
