1247597:::::Kent Family Chronicles: 3 Volumes in 1:::::The Bastard The illegitimate son of the Duke of Kentland, Phillipe Charboneau has been denied his birthright by his father s family. So he flees to London where he learns the printing trade but his journey truly begins when he falls under the influence of a man named Benjamin Franklin and travels to America. Changing his name to Philip Kent, he finds work at a printing house, and discovers the radical writings of Sam Adams. He has a new identity and a new passion. And soon he will become a soldier, fighting alongside the colonists in a turbulent adventure that would be called the Revolutionary War... The Rebels The rousing Kent family saga continues as Philip Kent fights for his new country alongside the greatest figures of the Revolutionary War The engrossing follow-up to The Bastard finds Philip Kent standing as a Continental solider at the Battle of Bunker Hill. In a bold move, Kent has taken up arms for the future of his new family. Spirited and unwavering in his dedication to his adopted homeland, Kent fights in the most violent battles in America s early history. As the Revolution rages, Kent s story interweaves with the trials of a vivid cast of characters, both famous and unknown. The result is a tautly plotted epic novel that transports the reader into the thrilling adventure of a man s fight for a new life. The Seekers Abraham Kent leaves Boston to find his destiny on America s frontier in this saga by the #1 New York Times bestselling author of North and South. Continuing the saga of the Kent family, John Jakes turns his masterful eye to the settlement of the untamed American West. Abraham Kent, the son of Philip Kent and Anne Ware, fought valiantly on the frontier, only to return home to Boston and a life he doesn t want. Determined not to live in his father s shadow, Abraham and his young bride join the wave of pioneers carving out farms in the turbulent, dangerous West. But life on the nation s frontier soon becomes more than their fledgling family can endure. Furthering his reign as the living master of American historical fiction, Jakes unfurls the epic of The Seekers.
