29356722:::::Brand Identity Breakthrough: How to Craft Your Company's Unique Story to Make Your Products Irresistible:::::Amazon #1 Bestseller in Public Relations and Selling for Small Business http://amzn.to/1NH8QJz Does your business have a story to tell? It should! Every new product can be unique in its industry. Does yours stand out from the crowd? After a life of exploring the way people exchange value in over 35 countries, Diehl teaches business owners how to have conversations about brand strategy. In Brand Identity Breakthrough, you will learn how to develop a strong business identity by combining your personality and values with the functionality of your products to become irreplaceable to your audience. Whether you lead a growing company, or are just starting a business, Brand Identity Breakthrough will give you a smarter way to think about new product development and business model generation. With undeniable, well-organized logic, it will show you how anyone can sell more, and at higher prices, so long as they give customers exactly what they want. Learn how to build a unique selling proposition for your product Learn the best methods for how to sell a product to customers, no matter what you offer. Overcome the sales learning curve, and sell products in both physical and online marketplaces. Table of Contents Section I: Why Identity Matters This section will help you learn to see your own value, the value of your business, and the value of your products or services from the perspective of your customers. Only then can you begin to fashion your identity appropriately. If you can train yourself to think like your customers, you can get a much better idea of what value you should be focused on creating. 1. Can You Tell a Good Story? 2. When Good Ideas Fail 3. Why Entrepreneurs Fail to See Their Own Value 4. Why Others Fail to See Your Value Section II: Creating Your Brand Identity We don t always know what makes our own ideas valuable. Failed entrepreneurs are often very close to getting the results they want. In being so close to your own business, you forget what things look like to an outsider, and you can t present your business in a way which will appeal to what they are specifically looking for. Time to move beyond functional descriptions of your business, and focus on profound change. 5. Uncovering Your Core Values 6. Developing a Unique Selling Proposition 7. Crafting Your Personality Profile 8. Knowing Your Target Audience Section III: Telling Your Story to the World Communication is happening in every shared moment, and in ways that are not always obvious. There are so many other things we take for granted about the messages we send out to the world. By learning how to be a better communicator, you will gain access to a wide new world of opportunities which are only available if you know how to talk in a way that makes others want to listen. 9. How to Sell Who You Are 10. How to Speak with Clarity, Authority, &amp; Authenticity 11. How to Display Your Character Through Writing 12. How to Educate Your Audience Section IV: Brand Identity Case Studies Case Study #1: From Consultant to Concierge with Productized Services Case Study #2: Pre-Seeding a Two-Sided Marketplace for Launch Case Study #3: Turning a Charitable Project into a Profitable Movement Case Study #4: Skyrocketing a Personal Brand through Narrative Focus Case Study #5: Embracing Personality in a Technical Niche Section V: Resources for Prospective Entrepreneurs Appendix 1: Entrepreneurial Terms Defined Appendix 2: 50 Useful Starting Questions for New Entrepreneurs Appendix 3: Making Money Online ask them to buy copies as well!"
