17210533:::::Hard Wired: A Crash Course in Small College Football:::::This work reveals competitive strategy and insider knowledge of college football, college life and the grass roots evolution of politics that began in academia and now shapes the political aspects of our everyday life. This fast paced, biographical work contains layers of storyline with twists and turns that are poignant, and startling. Join three young men s true stories as they launch themselves onto the college football scene and refuse to be denied their impact both on and off the field. These mistakenly overlooked college football players take over a struggling football team with their drive and motivation, all in an effort to rise to the challenge of one more football season. Living on the edge of college life as driven athletes, they face a dramatic conspiracy as they struggle in the face of athletic romance, real world politics of organizational behavior and creating their own futures as they are forced to lead the world around them much sooner than they ever expected. Heavy is the head that wears the crown as these extraordinary athletes have decisions to make that are crowded by circumstances that continually provide opportunities for them to fail in rising to the level of achievement that they know they have earned. Understanding their romantic interests and hearing their sex stories as they struggle not to be dragged under provides a highly insightful gaze into their world. The dynamics of college football, deciding on a future and motivation for achievement are illustrated here in a true story of the thin line between being an exceptional football player and the ever expanding world of claims that all performers are equal despite the results that prove to differentiate those same performers. At a new school, on a new team, joining the college ranks, these young men face more reality than they anticipated as they hold their future in their own hands and are first hand participants in the real world evolution of organizational politicking, power struggles and the freedom to pursue the college endeavor as they see fit. This true story is worth picking up simply to have an accurate overview of the inner workings and value of university education, college football and organizational manipulation. It serves as both a remarkable story of college life and as an instruction manual to the pitfalls of the people surrounding exceptional individuals, in addition to the political motivations of higher education organizations. College football, coaching motivations and the nature of organizational leaders is clearly depicted here as your guide. INTENDED FOR MATURE AUDIENCES It is not just what we did; it is what was going on around us that allowed us to choose to do it. BBD Press Inc. is an indie publisher. HARD WIRED: A Crash Course in Small College Football is now available on Amazon in E-Book and Paperback format.
