7366:::::Animals in Translation: Using the Mysteries of Autism to Decode Animal Behavior:::::Why would a cow lick a tractor? Why are collies getting dumber? Why do dolphins sometimes kill for fun? How can a parrot learn to spell? How did wolves teach man to evolve? Temple Grandin draws upon a long, distinguished career as an animal scientist and her own experiences with autism to deliver an extraordinary message about how animals act, think, and feel. She has a perspective like that of no other expert in the field, which allows her to offer unparalleled observations and groundbreaking ideas. People with autism can often think the way animals think, putting them in the perfect position to translate "animal talk." Grandin is a faithful guide into their world, exploring animal pain, fear, aggression, love, friendship, communication, learning, and, yes, even animal genius. The sweep of Animals in Translation is immense and will forever change the way we think about animals. *includes a Behavior and Training Troubleshooting Guide Among its provocative ideas, the book: ~argues that language is not a requirement for consciousness--and that animals do have consciousness. ~applies the autism theory of "hyper-specificity" to animals, showing that animals and autistic people are so sensitive to detail that they "can't see the forest for the trees"--a talent as well as a "deficit". ~explores the "interpreter" in the normal human brain that filters out detail, leaving people blind to much of the reality that surrounds them--a reality animals and autistic people see, sometimes all too clearly. ~explains how animals have "superhuman" skills: animals have animal genius. ~compares animals to autistic savants, declaring that animals may in fact be autistic savants, with special forms of genius that normal people do not possess and sometimes cannot even see. ~examines how humans and animals use their emotions to think, to decide, and even to predict the future. ~reveals the remarkable abilities of handicapped people and animals . ~maintains that the single worst thing you can do to an animal is to make it feel afraid.
