2788874:::::Descartes' Bones: A Skeletal History of the Conflict Between Faith and Reason:::::On a brutal winter's day in 1650 in Stockholm, Frenchman Ren Descartes, the most influential &amp; controversial thinker of his time, was buried after a lonely death far from home. 16 years later, the French Ambassador Hugues de Terlon secretly unearthed Descartes' bones &amp; transported them to France. Why would this devoutly Catholic official care so much about the remains of a philosopher who was hounded from country to country on charges of atheism? Why would Descartes' bones take such a strange, serpentine path over the next 350 years a path intersecting some of the grandest events imaginable: the birth of science, the rise of democracy, the mind-body problem, the conflict between faith &amp; reason? Their story involves people from all walks of life Louis XIV, a Swedish casino operator, poets &amp; playwrights, philosophers &amp; physicists, as these people used the bones in scientific studies, stole them, sold them, revered them as relics, fought over them, passed them surreptitiously from hand to hand. The answer lies in Descartes famous phrase: Cogito ergo sum "I think, therefore I am." In his deceptively simple 78-page essay, Discourse on the Method , this small, vain, vindictive, peripatetic, ambitious Frenchman destroyed 2000 years of received wisdom &amp; laid the foundations of the modern world. At the root of Descartes method was skepticism: "What can I know for certain?" Like-minded thinkers around Europe passionately embraced the book--the method was applied to medicine, nature, politics &amp; society. The notion that one could find truth in facts that could be proved, &amp; not in reliance on tradition &amp; the Church's teachings, would become a turning point in human history. In an age of faith, what Descartes was proposing seemed like heresy. Yet Descartes himself was a good Catholic, who was spurred to write his incendiary book for the most personal of reasons: He'd devoted himself to medicine &amp; the study of nature, but when his beloved daughter died aged 5, he took his ideas deeper. To understand the natural world one needed to question everything. Thus the scientific method was created &amp; religion overthrown. If the natural world could be understood, knowledge could be advanced, &amp; others might not suffer as his child did. The great controversy Descartes ignited continues to our era: where Islamic terrorists spurn the modern world &amp; pine for a culture based on unquestioning faith; where scientists write bestsellers that passionately make the case for atheism; where others struggle to find a balance between faith &amp; reason. Descartes Bones is a historical detective story about the creation of the modern mind, with twists &amp; turns leading up to the present day to the science museum in Paris where the philosopher s skull now resides &amp; to the church a few kilometers away where, not long ago, a philosopher-priest said a mass for his bones.
