36658959:::::The Pied Piper: Love and Redemption:::::The famous folktale of the Pied Piper of Hamelin inspires this historical fiction novel. A castaway on the magical island of Guernsey, the Pied Piper yearns to love and to be loved. Although surrounded by his animal friends he feels the growing pangs of loneliness. The only suitable lady for him, Sophia Blumenthal, is in Hamelin, the town where is the most wanted man. The Pied Piper must confront his past if he to find his true love. What s a Pied Piper to do when his one true love is in a town that will never forgive him for taking their children away? His animal friends persuade him that he shouldn t miss out on his one true shot at love. Wasting no time, the Pied Piper sets off for Hamelin. A mysterious warns him about the dangers ahead. Determined to find love, the Piper refuses all advice to go back and wait till his exile is over. The Piper arrives in Hamelin at nightfall disguised as Santa Claus. The poor town of Hamelin welcomes Santa Claus with open arms. If only they knew who he was! While staying at the Blumenthal's house he comes face-to-face with the terrible consequences of his actions all those years ago. Soon his disguise falls apart. Fatso, his anthropomorphic rat friend s discovery puts the town on high alert. Before he can escape, the Gustavo, Hamelin's police arrest him. The Mayor wants the best punishment possible - the Piper's head on a stake and his body to light up the Christmas bonfire. As the Pied Piper languishes in jail waiting out his final days, he grows closer to Sophia. He confesses to her why he came back and proposes to marry her. Sophia will only accept his marriage on one condition. The clock ticks closer and closer to the Pied Piper s final day. Both the Pied Piper and Sophia have decisions to make. Should the Piper conquer his pride and go find the missing children to prove his love for Sophia? Can Sophia overcome her prejudices and hatred for the Pied Piper to escape with the Piper to go look for her sister and the rest of the children? This young adult romance comedy should be a fun book to read during the christmas holidays.
