28319471:::::Strike of Lightning:::::Every time lightning strikes or thunder cracks, you will remember the story of the Priori. About the book: Strike of lightning tells of the tragic stories of true childhood experiences for many, this book weaves together tales of unimaginable pain and suffering as experienced by young Australians Michael, Sumaya and Charlie. Unexpected events see their lives changed forever as they are chosen by the Order of the Priori to join the fight for all that is good in the world. The trio discover a deep, ancient and powerful presence lurking deep inside each of them. Having been transported from the western suburbs of Sydney to the Towers of Light, to be inducted and trained in the ways of the Priori, Michael, Charlie and Sumaya develop unbreakable bonds of friendship and kinship which only shared tragedy could forge. A dark prophecy is fulfilled when a member of the Priori is murdered setting loose a chain of events which will ultimately lead the world to a battle which will decide the fate of every human for generations to come. "I cried, i laughed and gasped. There are not many novels that can do that to me so very well done. I loved it and highly recommend it to all my friends and avid readers of fantasy adventure." Sally Naylor - Smashwords, Jan2016 About the author: In 2008, my eldest brother, father to my niece and nephew, was murdered in cold blood for his strong and successful effort in preventing troubled youth joining violent bikie gangs. He was 26 years old. After this, I was flung into the grips of depression which forced me to place my university studies on hold. To escape my pain and sorrow, I travelled around the world, learning, sharing and growing. Once I emerged from my dark place, I was inspired to dedicate my life to helping those who have gone through trauma. This story is one of the tools in my arsenal. Coupled with my own overcoming and growth, the idea for this book came about after volunteering with survivors of abuse and trauma. Having spoken to and mentored numerous survivors, when discussing inspiration, one commonality stuck out. Amongst all the literature available to us, there was an outstanding absence of a protagonist who had risen from the throngs of real, deep abuse and trauma. Sure most, if not all protagonists, go through some mild forms of trauma and abuse, followed by the catalysing after effects which allow them to overcome and grow into the heroes of the story. However, the antagonists of great literature are subjected to abominable traumas which turn them inevitably into villains. This novel questions why should abominable trauma equals villainous behaviour? What if for once, protagonists turned to heroism through such extreme traumas? This literary trend disheartens those who have been through the unimaginable and have almost lost all hope for a better life. The real world survivors, the heroes of said abominable traumas, who have turned to good rather than evil deserve literary hope and more so, representation. "As an adult who was abused as a child, i am very grateful for this book and i really wish it existed when i was in my late teens because i could have really used the hopeful message that it gives. even though it brought up some dark memories, I still loved it because it also gave me something good to grasp on to. I have never found any story which uses a person who has gone through what i have gone through as a hero and for that i am very grateful. Thank you very much M F C Assoum for this great book and for putting a smile on my face." David Fisher, Goodreads, Jan 2016.
