17670917:::::The Spinoza Trilogy:::::All three Spinoza vampire mystery novellas together in one volume, including: THE VAMPIRE WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO Three years ago, high school student Veronica Fortune witnessed the brutal murder of her parents. Now armed and dangerous, she sets out to hunt down the very thing that destroyed her life. That is, until she disappears. Spinoza is a private investigator who specializes in finding the missing. He's good at what he does. Damn good. But he's also a recovering alcoholic and a royal mess. Hired to find Veronica, Spinoza won't let his personal demons or demons of any kind get in the way of finding the truth about the missing girl. Now following a bizarre set of clues that leads him into stranger and stranger territory, Spinoza is about to come face-to-face with something legendary...and something hungry for blood. THE VAMPIRE WHO PLAYED DEAD Two years ago, a woman is murdered in cold blood. Now a son she'd given up for adoption returns to claim his inheritance. To verify his claim, a DNA test is ordered. Except there's one problem. Her grave is empty. Now hired to find the missing body, Spinoza will follow a set of clues that leads him to the unthinkable, a world of nightmares and dreamscapes. A world inhabited by the living and the dead. THE VAMPIRE IN THE IRON MASK Spinoza is a private investigator who specializes in finding the missing. He's good at what he does. Damn good. But he's also a recovering alcoholic and a royal mess. Now determined to redeem his troubled soul, Spinoza won't let his personal demons or demons of any kind stop him from finding the missing. In this third and final Spinoza mystery, a worker at a popular medieval dinner theater hires Spinoza to find out the identity of one of his co-workers, a co-worker who's never been seen without an iron mask...and who just might be a real prisoner. Spinoza's new client hints that the man in the iron mask is being held without his consent in the bowels of the dinner theater, a forbidden area for the other employees. When Spinoza attends Medievaland, posing as a guest, he doesn't count on bumping into someone from a previous case, nor can he ever forget what he finds when his investigation takes him past his own life tragedy and brings him face-to-face with the vampire imprisoned in the iron mask. But is the vampire someone he should rescue, or fear?
