18281513:::::The Making Of Ajay: Every Man:::::The Making Of AJAY- Every Man-RELOADED A Time Will Reveal novel [From Back Cover] What qualifies a male to be seen as a man comes from how he s viewed through the eyes of those in his world. Who that man is stems from how he s reared as a boy. The lessons he s taught and the knowledge he takes from those lessons, as a boy child, will manifest as he grows and becomes the man that his world sees. Thus, how valuable those boyhood teachings are to him will translate to others by the way he lives his life. AJAY learned about his legacy as a boy from his father, his grandfather and the males in his crew. He learned to love his woman unconditionally because that is what he saw and valued from those forefathers. He also learned how he was expected to carry out that legacy. He s a man now and he has done well with his own life. He s lived up to his expectations and then some. But he s a father now and the most important part of those lessons he grew from, have to now be passed on to his male seed. This title gives you AJAY Jackson: The man, The husband and The father, giving the legacy he grew from over to his only son, Lil AJAY. AJAY s main responsibility is to make sure that his son grows up to be a stronger man than he has become, which means his toughest job is before him. He has a junior who is just as head strong and stern but with even less patience for dishonesty. Lil AJAY already shows that he s honest, loyal and committed to the family s creed. The reader will learn of AJAY s early life through his weekly talks with his son. Witness how Lil AJAY gets to know how his father became the person whom he views as simply, The Man. Lil AJAY is already curious about how his pops learned to love his mother Ebony the way he s witnessed him doing during his 6 years of life. This novel shows you how the man we know as AJAY was made and how through Lil AJAY that Every Man legacy will continue. This is The Making Of AJAY-Every Man, A Time Will Reveal novel.
