18272806:::::Countermeasure:::::Includes the short story prequel to the series. In the first book of the COUNTERMEASURE SERIES, Trevor Bauer, an NSA analyst, is searching for answers to the mystery surrounding his parents disappearance when he crosses paths with Cassandra James, an ex-CIA operative with a big chip on her shoulder. By a stroke of luck, he becomes the key to her own mission while she becomes the center of his attention. Fighting an attraction as intense as their overwhelming instinct to keep each other at bay, together, they embark on a harrowing adventure that leads them across the ocean and into a world of intrigue and danger they had never foreseen. When faced with death defying choices, will they learn to trust their own instincts and each other to survive? Countermeasure was The TBR Pile's June Book of the Month. "I love when a series goes from HOT to SCORCHING." -- Cocktails and Books Book Reviews "After an amazing first book, I couldn't expect less from the second novel, and I wasn't just not disappointed," --Vanilla Moon Book Reviews "I'm eager to see what kind of situations these resourceful, beautiful people get themselves into next." -- Ms. Condit &amp; Friends Read Books "If you are a fan of suspense with a blend of love, smoking hot sex, and consuming emotion you won't want to miss out on these books." --Guilty Pleasure Book Reviews "This series is both thrilling and highly engaging at the same time." -- The TBR Pile WARNING: Contains graphic situations and language. NOTE: The Countermeasure Series also has a tie-in series called Countermeasure: Bytes of Life. This new series of shorts gives the readers glimpses into the day-to-day life of the Countermeasure characters. Although the shorts are standalone stories, they are character-driven, NOT plot-driven. Please be advised that ALL short stories in the spin-off series contain EROTIC content. They are NOT recommended for younger audience. Some of the events that take place in the short stories might be referenced in the novels and vice-versa. It is strongly advised that you read the novels and shorts in chronological order. The reading order is: 0 - Uncharted (Short Story - Published) 1 - Countermeasure (Novel - Published) 1a - Ecstasy by the Sea (Short Story - Published) 1b - Cuffed at Midnight (Short Story - Published) 1c - Passion at Dawn (Short Story - Published) 2 - To Russia With Love (Novel - Published) 2a - Blindsided (Short Story - Published) 2b - Lost to Rapture (Short Story - Published) 2c - Bound by Love (Short Story - TBA) 3 - Alternate Connection (Novel - TBA) 3a - London by Moonlight (Short Story - TBA) 4 - Locked and Reloaded (Novel - TBA)
