19185094:::::The Passion of Patrick MacNeill:::::"A former Marine fighter pilot battling to help his young son recover from burns suffered in the accident that killed his wife finds new life when he meets a beautiful new surgeon. This is the kind of book every reader hopes to find: full of wonderful characters, exciting passion and tender love. A joy, indeed." RT Book Reviews RT Book Reviews WISH Hero Award Winner Maggie Award Winner Romance Writers of America RITA Award Finalist Golden Heart Finalist Dedicated burn surgeon Kate Sinclair shields her tender heart behind a white coat and a coolly professional manner. But something about the little patient the nurses dub Iron Man and his vital flyboy father challenges her as a doctor and a woman. Since the car crash that killed his wife and almost took his son, pilot Patrick MacNeill s life has revolved around his little boy. No one no woman and certainly no interfering doctor can intrude on their bond, forged in love and pain. When little Jack s care brings these two together, it ignites a passion they can t ignore. But their growing involvement threatens Patrick s emotional barriers and Kate s professional future. With so much at stake, will she trust her judgment...or her heart? Praise for "emotionally compelling" New York Times bestselling author Virginia Kantra: "Virginia Kantra is back where we want her, writing fantastic contemporary romance." Rendezvous "I'm a long time Virginia Kantra fan girl because every time I read one of her books, she reminds me why I read romance." JoAnn Ross, New York Times bestselling author "Kantra has to be the only romance author I've read whose characters are as rich as those of Nora Roberts." The Romance Reader "I have read and enjoyed all of Virginia Kantra's books. One thing for sure, her heroes are some of the best in the business. They are strong and tender with a protective and nurturing streak and a deep commitment to family - all traits that I love." All About Romance Don t dare miss THE PASSION OF PATRICK MACNEILL, Virginia Kantra s emotional tour-de-force that will introduce you to some of the most compelling, most endearing, most memorable characters you ve met. - New York Times bestselling author Eileen Dreyer Utterly compelling...beautifully written. Bookbug Kantra has a lush writing style that I really admire and characters who are well-rounded and believable. Not to mention that her MacNeill heroes are luscious enough to eat. New York Times bestselling author Sabrina Jeffries *** He rested one hand on the wall above her, close enough for her to feel the warmth emanating from his body, close enough for his breath to touch her face. She saw his eyes, with their thick, short lashes, his pupils nearly swallowing the blazing blue. Her stomach squeezed into her chest, crowding her lungs. She couldn t breathe. She felt the warmth of his arm, close by her head. She heard her blood thundering in her ears, and the rasp of his quickly indrawn breath. He kissed her. It was over before she could say if she liked it, before she had time to react. He lifted his head, and she felt the absence of his mouth more keenly than she had felt its pressure a moment before. Well? She lifted her chin. She had to, to meet his gaze.
