22372599:::::The Seahorse Legacy:::::a Pirate , bound by a centuries-old oath -- a Knight , determined to prove her calling -- a Legacy , demanding surrender As Keeper of the Seahorse Legacy, Cazien de Pollis is a King among pirates, divinely appointed to dispense justice on the seas. Bound by the sacred oath of a long-dead ancestor, he must fulfill a contract to wed the green-eyed Oracle s Daughter named therein or risk losing everything he and his people hold dear. But at nineteen, with the identity of his betrothed only recently revealed, Cazien resents the contract and the urgency within him to see it satisfied. Erielle de Gladiel returned from the quest for the Remedy, changed. Not only are her formerly-blue eyes now a brilliant shade of green, but she must don gloves to hide inky evidence that her prophetically-bestowed title, the Oracle s Daughter, demands more from her than the task already completed. Erielle s dearest-held dream is realized when she is knighted by her King, but unbeknownst to her, that very honor jeopardizes the prophesied purpose to which she and Cazien have been called. Just as Cazien summons the courage to collect his bride, dark rumors and darker deeds crawl up the coasts, calling its guardians, the Seahorse Pirates, into action and Cazien away from Erielle. But even though the Oracle s Daughter knows nothing of the contract to which she has been consigned, Cazien s enemies have somehow learned of his interest in Erielle. And if they reach her before his ancestor s weighty oath is executed, the Seahorse Legacy will be forfeited . . . and darkness will be given reign. The third book in this series-within-a series, The Seahorse Legacy begins an epic re-imagining of the classic Grimm fairy tale, The Twelve Dancing Princesses which will conclude in Eyes of E veria, Book 4: The Sunken Realm , coming in 2015. Want to dive deeper into the world of E'veria? Look for the first two-book set in the Eyes of E'veria series by Serena Chase! The Ryn (book 1) and The Remedy (book 2) retell the classic Grimm fairy tale Snow White &amp; Rose Red on an inspirational and epic scale. Advance Praise for The Seahorse Legacy : "In a word -- love. Well, perhaps a few more... It's a rare author who can make each book in a series more captivating than the last. Serena Chase exceeds all lofty expectations with The Seahorse Legacy, the third book in the Eyes of E'veria series. Here's to the next!" ~Tamara Leigh, USA Today bestselling and award-winning author of such novels as Lady at Arms , Dreamspell , and Splitting Harriet "With a hot pirate, a feisty female knight, and an intriguing mystery, The Seahorse Legacy hooked me from page one. This is one adventure on the high seas you don t want to miss." ~Cindi Madsen, YA author of All the Broken Pieces , Cipher , Rift , and Revolution and author of the adult contemporary rom-com novel, Cinderella Screwed Me Over "Pirates, romance, secret oaths, everything you would hope for and more in a fantasy set on the high seas. Serena weaves humor into her characters, but stays true to the larger life lesson of yielding to the One. This is one adventure you don t want to miss!" ~Morgan Busse, author of Daughter of Light and Son of Truth
