13562397:::::The Vampire Hunter's Daughter Collectors Edition:::::In this special collector s edition of The Vampire Hunter s Daughter, you will find the complete works of parts I, II, and III and you will discover the world of the vampire hunter s which Chloe Kallistrate is unwillingly thrust into. It all begins when fourteen-year-old Chloe witnesses her mother s murder at the hands of a vampire. Before the vampire can kidnap her, there is an unexpected rescue by a group of vampire hunters. Overwhelmed by the feeling of safety, Chloe passes out and they whisk her away to their small community. When Chloe wakes, she comes face to face with the only other living relative, besides her mother, whom she has ever met: her grandfather. Through her grandfather, she learns her mother was a vampire hunter. In fact, her entire family is descended from the powerful bloodlines of vampire hunters. Chloe agrees to join the family she has never known for one reason only: Chloe vows to kill the vampire responsible for her mother s murder. With vengeance in her soul, Chloe is even more determined to follow through on her vow when she discovers the true identity of her enemy and how he is connected to her. So, she begins to train hard, mentored by Drew, the young hunter who saved her and lives with her grandfather. Although she is directly descended from ancient, powerful vampire hunters, the rigorous training schedule begins to break her down. Chloe also experiences her first Christmas without her mother. As part of the grieving process she visits her mother s grave for the first time and there, she is visited by Sostrate, the immortal demi-god from whom she is descended. As she comes of age, Chloe is changing and developing the gifts unique to her heritage. She discovers a new power she must learn to use and control. During this emotionally chaotic time in her life, the community is attacked, her grandfather injured and hunters are killed. After almost losing her only remaining family, Chloe questions whether her continued presence in the community will sacrifice everyone she has come to care about.
