33801048:::::The Intelligent Investor: by Benjamin Graham | Summary & Analysis:::::The Intelligent Investor: by Benjamin Graham | Summary &amp; Analysis A Smarter You In 15 Minutes What is your time worth? Today only, get this Amazon bestseller for just $2.99. Regularly priced at $4.99. Read on your PC, Mac, smart phone, tablet or Kindle device. Number one bestseller The Intelligent Investor guides us on a well-constructed journey through the confusing world of one of today's most mystifying subjects: investing wisely. Author Benjamin Graham expertly deconstructs this highly complex subject and presents it in an easy-to-digest manner. Unsurprisingly, The Intelligent Investor has struck a chord with audiences worldwide. In keeping with demand, this edition has been revised and updated with all-new information. Investments and securities are something finance professionals spend a lifetime trying to understand. Those who are truly privy rise to the top and make millions, but if you're like the rest of us, you re left scratching your head wondering what to make of the stock market. What are the smart moves to make? What are the traps the common investor falls into? Benjamin Graham does a great job of taking the mystery out of the subject- at least to some extent- by shedding some light on the patterns and behaviors smart investors exhibit. He makes it clear that this book is not a definitive text that should be devoutly followed; rather, it is an examination of patterns and behaviors that make smart investors successful and set them apart from the rest of the crowd. The Intelligent Investor is a great read for anyone who is interested in the study of finance who wants to get their feet wet. It's a great read for people looking for investment strategies, or people who just want to come away from a book having learned something. Whatever category you fall into, The Intelligent Investor will make you think. Pick up a copy and get ready to learn what strategies you need to develop to take yourself to the top. Detailed overview of the book Most valuable lessons and information Key Takeaways and Analysis Take action today and download this book for a limited time discount of only $2.99! Written by Elite Summaries Please note: This is a detailed summary and analysis of the book and not the original book. keyword:The Intelligent Investor, The Intelligent Investor book, Benjamin Graham, The Intelligent Investor Benjamin Graham, The Intelligent Investor paperback, The Intelligent Investor kindle, The Intelligent Investor audiobook
