13421636:::::Nobody's Perfect:::::Why would someone choose the BDSM lifestyle of consensual bondage, discipline, dominance, submission, sado-masochism as a means to heal from a traumatic and abusive past? DESCRIPTION: NOBODY'S PERFECT is the continuing story of Savannah Gentry (now Savi Baker) and Damian Orlando from MASTERS AT ARMS &amp; NOBODY S ANGEL (Rescue Me Saga #1) and NOBODY'S HERO (#2). Savannah/Savi escaped eleven years of abuse at the hands of her father and finally made a safe life for herself and her daughter. But when her father once again threatens her peace of mind and her daughter s safety Savi runs to Damian Orlando for protection. Eight years earlier as Savannah, she shared one perfect day with Damian that changed both their young lives and resulted in a secret she no longer can hide. But being with Damian reawakens repressed memories and feelings she wants to keep buried. After witnessing a scene with Damian on Savi's first night at his private club, however, she begins to wonder if he could help her regain control of her life and reclaim her sexuality and identity. Damian, a wounded warrior, has had his own dragons to fight in life, but has never forgotten Savannah. He will lay down his life to protect her and her daughter, but doesn t believe he can offer more than that. She deserves a whole man, something he can never be after a firefight in Iraq. Damian has turned to SM to regain control of his life and emotions and fulfills the role of Service Top to bottoms at the club. However, he could never deliver those services to Savi, who needs someone gentle and loving, not the man he has become. Will two wounded survivors find love and healing in each other s arms? ABOUT THE RESCUE ME SAGA: The books in the ongoing Rescue Me Saga are not stand-alone stories and should be read in order. Characters will recur in later books to deal with further issues in their lives as the saga continues and each book builds upon all previous ones. Sometimes main characters even need another book to help resolve major issues affecting their relationships. BONUS MATERIAL in this version: Kallypso Masters has added the PLAYLIST of music that inspired her as she wrote about the first three couples mentioned in this combined volume, as well as a GLOSSARY OF TERMS and a CAST OF CHARACTERS in these books in the saga. CONTENT WARNING: Intended for mature adult readers not offended by profanity and graphic (but never gratuitous!) sex scenes. Due to the emotional way in which the author presents the subject matter (past and present), the books might cause triggers while reading. Please read the Author's Notes at the beginning.
