2016758:::::Quarantine:::::The story of Jesus's forty days in the wilderness is surely among the most celebrated and widely diffused narratives in Western culture. Why, then, would Jim Crace choose to retell it in strictly naturalistic, non-miraculous terms? The obvious answer would be that the godless novelist is trying to debunk divinity -- to take the entire New Testament down a notch. And at first, this does seem to be the case. Crace's Jesus first got religion as an adolescent, and 'was transformed by god like other boys his age were changed by girls'. His peers view his spiritual fervour as a youthful eccentricity. Even now, as the thirty-something Jesus heads out to the Judean desert for his forty-day retreat, he's perceived by his fellow anchorites as a flighty and impractical Galilean. They even call him 'Gally' for short -- and what sort of deity answers to a nickname? Yet Crace is hardly the jeering materialist we might expect. As Jesus takes to his cliff-top cave, the author renders his religious transports without a hint of irony, and with a linguistic elegance that can hardly be called disrespectful: 'The prayers were in command of him. He shouted out across the valley, happy with the noise he made. The common words lost hold of sound. The consonants collapsed. He called on god to join him in the cave with all the noises that his lips could make. He called with all the voices in his throat.' And while most of the temptations of Christ are visited upon him by humans -- by the motley crew of his cave-dwelling neighbours -- he resists them with what we can only call superhuman will. Quarantine does, of course, operate on a fairly realistic plane. Jesus dies of starvation long before his forty-day fast is complete, and his fellow retreatants, who take centre stage throughout much of the novel, are much too confused and brutal ever to figure in any Sunday school pageant. Still, Crace leaves at least the possibility of resurrection intact at the end, which should ensure that his brilliant book will rattle both believers and non-believers alike.
