35645311:::::Summary of MONEY Master The Game: 7 Simple Steps to Financial Freedom by Tony Robbins | Includes Analysis:::::Money Master The Game: by Tony Robbins | Summary &amp; Analysis A Smarter You In 15 Minutes What is your time worth? A classic, well-elaborated topic that ponders everyone s mind: How to secure financial freedom for ourselves and for our families. Taking control! Money, the necessary evil, the hush-hush topic during conversations. The deal breaker in some cases. It is raw and garish. Money Master the Game was created by one of the most revered writers named Tony Robbins (Anthony Robbins). He is a motivational speaker, an instructor of finance and of course, a great writer we know. The book was published on November 18, 2014, with its new edition in paperback published on March 2016. This book indicates how we are going to secure financial freedom for our families as well as for our own. What exactly is Tony Robbins offering in the book Money Master the Game? In simple words, he wants you to increase your quality of life. The book has beautiful insights, full of very inspirational thoughts that can probably help you to enhance your ability regarding finance. Honestly speaking, the book has the biggest influence on your body, emotions, relationships, and mostly your money . Using his strategies and knowledge about financing described in the book, you will surely get enough inspiration to have a better way of life. Money Master the Game is a must-read book on finance. It has a unique and wonderful strategy about personal finances that aren t taught in many other finance books. If you are looking for an inspiring book to read on about finances, then Money Monster the Game would be a great option. And if you are a novice at finance, anything about money," this book will be a complete goldmine for you! Detailed overview of the book Most valuable lessons and information Key Takeaways and Analysis Written by Elite Summaries Please note: This is a detailed summary and analysis of the book and not the original book.
