26227805:::::Tainted Black:::::From New York Times and USA Today Bestselling author Shanora Williams comes a steamy, forbidden standalone novel about a college woman who helplessly falls for her best friend's father. Dear Mr. Black, I know you were hurting. I heard your cries. I wished over and over again that I could make it better, but as you stated I was too inexperienced; too good for someone as bad as you. Perhaps you were right, but it didn't matter because what I did know was that I loved the way you felt--loved the way you smelled. I loved how hard you got for me, and when you called me your Little Knight. I can still remember that day in the park, when you held me close and kissed me deep. How you effortlessly made me cry your name on top of sweet smelling grass, making me feel like the only girl in the world. I loved how you looked at me, how you spoke to me. I had been madly in love with you ever since I was twelve years old, but I shouldn't have been. Isabelle would have hated it--my best friend. I couldn't afford to lose her. Besides, you two had already lost enough. Losing Mrs. Black was the epitome. It's Chloe Knight. I wanted to be there for you no matter what, but Isabelle needed me too. And she would have hated me if she ever found out I was sleeping with her father. ** Tainted Black is a forbidden love-story about a girl who helplessly falls for her best friend's father. After a tragic accident ends the life of Theo Black's wife, he turns to the one person he has always found interesting. Chloe Knight, the girl from across the street, his daughter's best friend, and a person that is considered completely off limits for him. ** - WARNING: If you aren't a fan of taboo love stories, age gaps/differences, of if you're expecting a novel with that "unicorn and rainbows" type of feel, then this may not be the novel for you. But if you want to read about an alpha male with a tortured soul that rides a motorcycle and owns a boat named Dirty Black, then READ this! You may have just have found the right kind of love story for you! - - Taboo Romance (Best Friend's Dad) - Full-length standalone (98K words) - New Adult / Erotica
