35183676:::::Pink Slips:::::Aldrich s book delivers a solidly structured and detail-filled plot that starts with a skillful, early buildup of suspense. Like an Agatha Christie novel, the novel makes efficient use of misdirection while adding several suspicious suspects to the mix. The Characters are vividly drawn and believable. The story features an appealing and creative narrative voice. ~BlueInk Review Beth Aldrich s Pink Slips is a psychological thriller that sustains a sense of mystery throughout, told from the point of view of pregnant suburban chef Betsy Ryan. The first-person perspective helps build suspense and heightens the action through the story s many twists and turns. ~4-Star Foreword Clarion Reviews Atmospheric and chilling with a feisty and relatable Every-Mom heroine, Pink Slips will keep you in suspense until the gripping climax. ~Eve Adamson, nine-time New York Times bestselling collaborator Not since Rosemary s Baby has a book revealed how vulnerable women are when pregnant Aldrich has Raymond Chandler s (The Lady in the Lake), gift for portraying violent scenes, but has a woman s insight into the especially serious consequences it could have for pregnant women. ~5-Star, Indie Reader Review Betsy Ryan is pregnant with her third child, and receiving threatening notes from an anonymous person. During what should be a joyful time in her life, she s forced to face a decade old memory, and relive one of the most devastating nights of her life To uncover the mystery behind the threats, she enlists the help of an unlikely, but oddly reliable source, her dog Barney. As the menacing notes continue to arrive, her husband is still out of town for work, and she struggles to keep her composure while shielding her two young sons from danger. She trusts no one except her parents, best friend Misty, and her extraordinary dog who has proven to literally understand everything she says. Is this person out to harm her? And how do they have so much personal information about Betsy? She can t help but think it s the same person who attacked her at the train station almost a decade ago, and changed the course of her life forever. To save herself and her unborn child Betsy must face her fears and find her strength, to reveal who is after her and most importantly why.
