21468667:::::6 Steps To Forgiveness: A Live Forgiveness Session With A Step-By-Step Process:::::SECOND EDITION Josephine Hasan-Kerr, a passionate author, motivational speaker, and servant of God, offers you a powerful tool to help you release strongholds that comes with unforgiveness in her book titled, 6 Steps to Forgiveness: A Live Forgiveness Session With A Step-By-Step Process. She states that the Holy Spirit shared with her to share with you, where the most practical place is to RELEASE your emotions. She calls it the Crime Scene. If you have pain, fear and anger bottled up inside you need to release it! She has included in her book each step you will need while there. You cannot move forward unless you go back, and get it right in your mind. That is where the battle is. Where the battle is, is where the pain started, and where the pain stops! Josephine mentions that no matter how painful, you must go back! With only 6 STEPS needed to reach real forgiveness, which moves you beyond your hurt, shame, fear, loss, and brokenness to WHOLENESS, you have to look forward to your victory! Josephine prays with her readers all the way! She believes if you are carrying a heavy load to seek help, and this six-step guide contained in her book, with help of God, is what you need. It is necessary if you want closure need from divorce, abuse, betrayal, rejection, loss, and even the effects of living without your biological mother or father. If a person is deceased, she shows you can forgive. Most of all, to she hopes to help you end thinking that EVERYTHING is about you! Josephine writes, It s not all about you; it s about the wrongdoers (suppressed) issues , and their displaced anger. In other words, people who hide pain bottles it up, leave it un-addressed, causes it to explode, and blames you. She clarifies how we put ourselves in bondage by accepting their blame. Josephine states that forgiveness breaks those chains. Josephine relies on God s inspiring words, For I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future, to encourage her readers to go forward! Even when the pain of life chokes you, and knocks, you down find a way to keep going. No stranger to life s tragedy or triumph, Josephine understands that you may have difficulties to forgive. But God s Grace will take you through. Included in her book is a helpful l forgiveness session, personal testimonies, as well as, testimonies of her own to help you to overcome what you must let go!
