22816334:::::The Scandalous Billionaires Collection:::::Scandalous, Outrageous and Totally Inappropriate All three steamy volumes gathered together in one simmering and chronologically satisfying box set edition. Scandalous When is the attraction between a man and a woman too scandalous to be contemplated? Twenty-nine year old multi-billionaire CEO Jason Demovic has the looks of a movie star, the body of a cage fighter and the wealth of Bill Gates. Twenty-six year old newly qualified psychotherapist Melissa Price has a MENSA level IQ, the appearance of a prim school mistress and the bank account of a pauper. He wants her. She needs him. He's got to have her. She longs for his desire. Only problem is, a therapist and client should never, ever, ever be together. Talk therapy is exactly what it says on the tin: talk and words--not touching, caressing, holding, squeezing, kissing, teasing and whatever else comes to mind. Jason has a huge issue with women that he won't admit exists. Melissa has the solution to his problem. Can she convince him that talk therapy is all he needs when what he really wants is to get her into his bed? Will she stand firm and stay true to her convictions? Or will she cave in and consent to his scandalous requests? Outrageous When is the attraction between two people too outrageous to be acted upon? Zach is the twenty-eight year old, second in line of the three smoking hot, ridiculously wealthy Demovic brothers. He watched with disbelief as his older brother Jason found love and happiness with quietly hot psychotherapist Dr. Melissa Price. Suzy Price is Melissa's twenty-one year old little sister and has just been given a new lease on life with her successful kidney transplant operation. When Zach caves in to a request to do some 'baby-sitting' the last thing he expects is to be kicked head over heels in lust and in love by the goofy kid sister of his big brother's love interest. He knows he's not allowed touch her and he knows more than anyone else the real reason why. So why can't he hold himself back? Crossing that line would be just outrageous, but then, outrageous has always been his style. Will he get his woman this time? Or will the wave of outrage from family and friends be too much to handle when they find out who's next on his hit list? Will Suzy still even want him when she finds out what he's done to influence her life from afar? Totally Inappropriate When is the attraction between a hot, healthy twenty-seven year old man and a needy twenty-five year old adult woman just too damn inappropriate to be entertained? Harrison is the youngest and wildest of the multi-billionaire Demovic brothers. His family hopes he will finally settle down but there's no sign of it happening yet. With his bad boy good looks, his Silicon Valley bank account and viva Las Vegas attitude to life there is no slowing him down. Bella Wilson is a woman with a secret to keep that just won't stay buried in her past no matter how hard she tries. She's watched her two closest friends be swept away from her by the simmering good looks and billionaire bad boy charm of the two older Demovic brothers. If only things were that simple for her, but any hint of interest from billionaire hunk number three, Harrison Demovic, will only make her world crumble around her that much faster. She needs him. She wants him. She craves his touch, but she has to run and hide from him as fast and furious as she can to save both her world and his. Only problem is, Harrison Demovic is a hunter; a predator of love who won't take no for an answer. He will do whatever it takes to get his woman. What she doesn't know is that he's got a few secrets of his own. Will Bella succeed in escaping his love and saving his life? Or will he track her down and be pulled inexorably into the dark world of her past?
