34207784:::::Benn:::::Demons After Dark: A Primani World Crossover Series Introducing the Demons after Dark series. It s hot paranormal romance featuring unlikely alpha heroes who will make you laugh, cry, and swoon. Known only as Trinity demons, this band of brothers was stripped of their powers and violently exiled from Hell. Forced to live as humans, they re left with no memories and no weapons while a secret society quietly plots Lucifer s demise. For these big, bad demons, adjusting to life as a human is, well, harder than Hell! A former shrink in Hell's SuperMax prison, Benn s positive he s lost his damn mind when he wakes up in the body of an uptight antiquities professor. One glance in the mirror and he knows he s not in Hell anymore. After he s brought into Expat Security, he s handed a mission he can t refuse if he wants to get home again. Explore Rome, raft into jungles, and risk life and brand new limbs? Sounds like his idea of Heaven! There s only one problem. He can t do the job without the help of a beautiful grad student who can t stand the sight of him. He may not remember their past, but he s ready to make their present a whole helluva lot more fun. Grad student Lainey Hayes has done everything she can to escape her mother s embarrassing world of psychics and palm readers. Throwing herself into her studies, she s perfectly happy until she s assigned to a special project with the egotistical, narrow-minded, and condescending Professor Daniels. The smug academic discounts anything and everything related to the paranormal--including her mother. The idea of spending months tramping through ruins with him sounds like her vision of Hell, but she s shocked to discover this adrenaline junkie with a zest for life is nothing like the jackass she remembered. Warning: This story contains snort out loud humor, intensely hot sex, an irresistible hero, and a damsel with a steel backbone. The author takes no responsibility for missed work or grouchiness from lack of sleep.
