18056646:::::Homeground: The Kate Bush Magazine: Anthology Volume Two: 'The Red Shoes' to '50 Words for Snow':::::HOMEGROUND: THE KATE BUSH MAGAZINE: ANTHOLOGY TWO: 'THE RED SHOES' TO '50 WORDS FOR SNOW' HomeGround is a magazine devoted to Kate Bush (born in 1958), a British pop star best-known for hits such as 'Wuthering Heights', 'Wow', 'Hounds of Love' and 'Running Up That Hill'. The HomeGround magazine anthology includes material inspired by all periods of Kate Bush's musical progression. It is a book about the reaction to her work and how her unique music has touched the lives of so many people. This is a unique book, a labour of love for hundreds of music fans who have contributed to HomeGround over its thirty-year existence. The book includes an enormous amount of information about Kate Bush, as well as memories and accounts of music fandom (such as conventions, meetings, hikes, stage door encounters and video parties). It features poetry, stories, letters, reviews, interviews, memoirs, cartoons, drawings, paintings and photographs. This is the second book of a two volume set. The second book covers Kate Bush's career from 'The Red Shoes' album to '50 Words For Snow' album (from the early 1990s to the present day). The first issue of HomeGround appeared in 1982, four years after Kate Bush's dramatic debut with 'Wuthering Heights'. Starting with an ancient manual typewriter, and a pot of genuine paste, the editors mounted articles on recycled backing sheets and added hand-drawn artwork to fill the gaps. The first issue was photocopied, the pages hand-stapled together and twenty-five copies were given away to fans they knew. Only later did they discover the magic of word processing, and desktop publishing. From those beginnings HomeGround became a cornerstone of the 'Kate-speaking world', the editors going on to organise four official fan events at which Kate Bush and members of her family and band appeared, arrange at Bush's request a team of fans to be extras in two of her videos and organise informal fan gatherings at Glastonbury and Top Withens, the storm-blown ruin on Haworth Moor. Years before the internet, HomeGround became a place where fans could discuss Bush's music, and a place where they could publish creative writing and artwork that music inspired. Fully illustrated. Includes a timeline and who's who. ISBN 9781861714077. 556pp. Volume One of HomeGround, covering Kate Bush's early career, is also available: ISBN 9781861714435. www.crmoon.com Katebushnews.com - the website of HomeGround, the international Kate Bush magazine.
