10723236:::::Start Something That Matters:::::Love your work, work for what you love, and change the world all at the same time. What matters most to you? Should you focus on earning a living, pursuing your passions, or devoting yourself to the causes that inspire you? The surprising truth is that you don t have to choose and that you ll find more success if you don t. That s the breakthrough message of TOMS One for One movement. You don t have to be rich to give back and you don t have to retire to spend every day doing what you love. You can find profit, passion, and meaning all at once right now . In Start Something That Matters, Blake Mycoskie tells the story of TOMS, one of the fastest-growing shoe companies in the world, and combines it with lessons learned from such other innovative organizations such as Method Products, charity: water, FEED Projects, and TerraCycle. Blake presents the six simple keys for creating or transforming your own life and business, from discovering your core story to being resourceful without resources; from overcoming fear and doubt to incorporating giving into every aspect of your life. No matter what kind of change you re considering, Start Something That Matters gives you the stories, ideas, and practical tips that can help you get started. Why this book is for you: You re ready to make a difference in the world through your own start-up business, a nonprofit organization, or a new project that you create within your current job. You want to love your work, work for what you love, and have a positive impact on the world all at the same time . You re inspired by charity: water, method, and FEED Projects and want to learn how these organizations got their start. You re curious about how someone who never made a pair of shoes, attended fashion school, or worked in retail created one of the fastest-growing footwear companies in the world by giving shoes away. You re looking for a new model of success to share with your children, students, co-workers, and members of your community. You re ready to start something that matters.
