26242545:::::The English Spy:::::Warning : This is an independent addition to The English Spy , meant to enhance your experience of the original book. If you have not yet bought the original copy, make sure to purchase it before buying this unofficial summary from aBookaDay . SPECIAL OFFER $2.99 (Regularly priced: $3.99) Irishman Eamon Quinn bombs a yacht with England s former princess aboard, which gets the attention of two branches of British Intelligence: MI5 and MI6 s attention. To find who is responsible, the head of MI6, Graham Seymor, receives help from Israel s intelligence department, thus identifying the bomber. Seymor asks for an Israeli agent Gabriel Allon to take the mission of finding and killing Quinn. Allon asks British expatriate Christopher Keller to aid him in his mission, as both men have been personally victimized by Quinn. Keller also knows Quinn s home territory of Ireland well. Allon and Keller follow Quinn s trail, and come within seconds of preventing a bombing in Britain, courtesy of Quinn, that was supposed to kill Allon but doesn t succeed. Allon uses the opportunity to let the rest of the world think he is dead in order to complete the mission without any mercenaries including Quinn looking for him. Allon then figures out that the events leading up to his death. The bombs, made by a signature bomb maker, were supposed to get MI6 s attention, putting Allon in Quinn s sights. Allon is hated by the Russian government because he discovered the plot to coerce the Prime Minister into oil drilling deals (via the woman Madeline Hart). As a result of the discovery of Hart s true purpose, Russia lost the deals and therefore a lot of money, and blame that loss entirely on Allon. However, they did not expect Allon to have a partner, much less survive the bomb. Furthermore, they didn t expect the two men to be as successful in finding their target. Keller and Allon know when and where to fight dirty, and by the end of the novel, do not hold back when they need information. The novel ends with a complete mission, a high body count, and a bittersweet finale. Available on PC, Mac, smart phone, tablet or Kindle device. 2015 All Rights Reserved
