18394797:::::Wicked Chemistry: Original Weeping Willow Stories:::::Includes Weeping Willow Part One and Two as well as a new short story only available on paperback! WEEPING WILLOW - PART ONE: Being teased at school, Chloe was awkward socially, finding it hard to relate to her peers. As an only child of a single mother, she had her share of loneliness. But when her mother buys a fixer upper on a large lot just outside of town, Chloe feels the she is on the cusp of change. Dreaming of another world and a handsome but alien stranger has her questioning who she really is, and what is real.... WEEPING WILLOW - PART TWO: Now that Willow has met her twin soul and come to terms with who she really is, she is captured by King Callan, Ruler of the D kkalfar. Jailed as an abomination to the Elven race due to her unnatural creation, Willow struggles to understand the dynamics of this new world and wonders who she can trust in order to gain her freedom once more. However, the prophecy of her kind is clear... She must put an end to the race wars, uniting two kingdoms, but only if she can survive the wrath of a powerful king. WICKED CHEMISTRY (NEW SHORT): Willow and Nalin have finally settled into the Realm of Magic and plan to start a life together, but Willow is overwhelmed by the demands on her time and long separations from Nalin. She is torn between her responsibilities as a princess and the wants of her heart. To add to the pressure, there is civil unrest between the races, causing tension and violence. With everything wrong, Willow is desperate to fix her failing relationship and plays right into the trap of Nalin s hidden enemy. The chemistry between Willow and Nalin is undeniable, but their love must be tested once more. However, Nalin is determined to make this union a reality... even at the risk of both kingdoms. Suggested Reading: Weeping Willow (Part One) Weeping Willow (Part Two) Wicked Willow Series: Book 1 - Wicked Chemistry (Original Weeping Willow Shorts in PAPERBACK) Book 2 - Wicked Magic Book 3 - Wicked Love Book 4 - Wicked Voices (Coming Soon!)
