18216364:::::The Kane Chronicles:::::The Red Pyramid Since his mother s death six years ago, Carter Kane has been living out of a suitcase, traveling the globe with his father, the brilliant Egyptologist Dr. Julius Kane. But while Carter s been homeschooled, his younger sister, Sadie, has been living with their grandparents in London. Sadie has just what Carter wants school friends and a chance at a normal life. But Carter has just what Sadie longs for time with their father. After six years of living apart, the siblings have almost nothing in common. Until now. On Christmas Eve, Sadie and Carter are reunited when their father brings them to the British Museum, with a promise that he s going to make things right. But all does not go according to plan: Carter and Sadie watch as Julius summons a mysterious figure, who quickly banishes their father and causes a fiery explosion. Soon Carter and Sadie discover that the gods of Ancient Egypt are waking, and the worst of them Set has a frightening scheme. To save their father, they must embark on a dangerous journey a quest that brings them ever closer to the truth about their family and its links to the House of Life, a secret order that has existed since the time of the pharaohs. The Throne of Fire Ever since the gods of Ancient Egypt were unleashed in the modern world, Carter Kane and his sister Sadie have been in trouble. As descendants of the House of Life, the Kanes have some powers at their command, but the devious gods haven t given them much time to master their skills at Brooklyn House, which has become a training ground for young magicians. And now their most threatening enemy yet the chaos snake Apophis is rising. If they don t prevent him from breaking free in a few days time, the world will come to an end. In other words, it s a typical week for the Kane family. To have any chance of battling the Forces of Chaos, the Kanes must revive the sun god Ra. But that would be a feat more powerful than any magician has ever accomplished. First they have to search the world for the three sections of the Book of Ra, then they have to learn how to chant its spells. Oh, and did we mention that no one knows where Ra is exactly? Narrated in two different wisecracking voices, featuring a large cast of new and unforgettable characters, and with adventures spanning the globe, this second installment in the Kane Chronicles is nothing short of a thrill ride. The Serpent s Shadow When young magicians Carter and Sadie Kane learned how to follow the path of the Ancient Egyptian gods, they knew they would have to play an important role in restoring Ma at order to the world. What they didn t know is how chaotic the world would become. The Chaos snake Apophis is loose and threatening to destroy the earth in three days time. The magicians are divided. The gods are disappearing, and those who remain are weak. Walt, one of Carter and Sadie s most gifted initiates, is doomed and can already feel his life force ebbing. Zia is too busy babysitting the senile sun god, Ra, to be of much help. What are a couple of teenagers and a handful of young trainees to do? There is possibly one way to stop Apophis, but it is so difficult that it might cost Carter and Sadie their lives, if it even works at all. It involves trusting the ghost of a psychopathic magician not to betray them, or worse, kill them. They d have to be crazy to try it. Well, call them crazy. With hilarious asides, memorable monsters, and an ever-changing crew of friends and foes, the excitement never lets up in The Serpent s Shadow , a thoroughly entertaining and satisfying conclusion to the Kane Chronicles.
