32284715:::::Grey: The Covenant of Shadows:::::All the truths of her life were born from the promise of a lie. A lie that could change everything. Gabrian Shadwell studied hard and kept her nose to the grindstone in order to live the successful and full life that most humans strive for. The problem is, she isn't exactly human. After protection wards and cloaking spells that were cast to suppress any evidence of magic that may be running through her veins begins scratching it way through the surface, Gabrian fumbles with the unnerving discovery that she now can see hazy energy fragments emanating from her clients bodies. What is even more shocking is that she yearns to devour it. Her all so perfect and straight forward life as a normal mundane human is just a facade and coming to an end. Who she truly is are the things that spine chilling nightmares are made of. With no possible way to return to the simple life she once knew as an oblivious human, she struggles to concede to the fact that the calm reality of her world has shifted; it is now crawling with Borrowers, Mages and Shadow Walking-beings. But Gabrian's unyielding thirst for knowledge pushes her to dig her claws in and gain control over her gifts as an energy-lending Borrower as it is essential for her to survive and earn her place amongst them. Her chaotic journey of self-discovery takes her from the pan and throws her right into the fire when the tainted eyes of the self-righteous Elders in the realm turn against her and the silken tongued devil that lurks within the darkness of the realm seems to be the only thing with an empathetic concern towards her; for a price. Her soft hearted will combats with her logical inner voice about who is really telling her the truth. She tastes the sweet and sours of deception in the air from both sides but still she must choose which force will reign over her freedom and thus deciding how tight her shackles will be to the path that she will walk upon. It is an inner battle that she must fight in order to uncover the ugly answers that she seeks and along the way, Gabrian will fall face first into an important and absolute truth: sometimes the only difference between a Borrower and a Vampire is hope."
