23545708:::::Still..., All By My Lonely-THE ORGANIZATION part two:::::Description of Still, By My Lonely-THE ORGANIZATION part two Still , All By My Lonely is Lovely Walker-Blake aka Baby Girl s motto, when it comes to handling The Organization and Morale s Manor, these days. When All By My Lonely ended, Baby Girl was hot on the trial of the rogues who were attempting to infiltrate daddy Don s (The Don) business ventures. What s even worse. These rogues are inside of her family structure and even 1 of them, is on her payroll. That will have to cease, immediately. From the start, Baby Girl gets a phone call from the senior staff at The Manor. She knows what the call is about. But to play it off in front of her mother-in-law Annie, she lets Young D answer her phone. Young D braces himself to deliver to Baby Girl what he thinks is bad news. But her reaction to his revelation isn t shock nor sadness. She doesn t look surprised at all. Immediately, Young D wants to know what s going on. His mission now is the get his wife back to their home, so she can bring him up on the happenings down at The Manor, in New Orleans. Still, All By My Lonely is filled with Cleaning and Unraveling. Some of the dirt surrounding Baby Girl and Young D is more than a decade old. And for Baby Girl, it s time to get it out, gone and over with. Kierra the stripper has been a bit much to deal with. There was a paternity test done on her daughter Danica, which says Young D is the father. He doesn t believe it and neither does his mother Annie. Everybody knows of this claim. Everyone except Baby Girl. But this information becomes available to her in this title. And from there, things will change drastically for her, Young D and every other person in their lives. As if that isn t enough to rock the boat, Baby Girl will discover that the same rogues who want to takeover what her father left her. Are deeply involved in the situation with Kierra and Danica. For Baby Girl, there isn t anything she can t handle and dismantle with a weapon. But the problems in her personal life will require her intelligence and the loyal manor staff, from her upbringing. The political path dawns the 1st black president of the United States of America. Mr. Barack Hussein Obama. Young D s music career is at the top of the charts and his business ventures have spawned into other lucrative investments too. Baby Girl and Young D, on the bedroom side, hasn't fallen off any. Keeping each other sexually satisfied is still a main priority. Those are the best parts. But knowing she ll have to remove rogues who are seen as family, weighs heavy on her mind. Still, they will have to go. That s what The Don taught her and she is more determined than ever to make sure her daddy Don, can rest in peace. The positions of mother, wife, entrepreneur and overseer are all on point, for Baby Girl. Her struggle now is to find out who wants to ruin her family life and her inheritance. Her mission is to see to it that the rogues are removed from her family tree, before President Barack Obama is sworn in, in 2008. All the targets are personal. But she ll STILL handle them, All By Her Lonely.
