12057649:::::Delicious Love Triangle:::::No sex with friends! This is the personal rule that Hana lives by to keep things simple with her two best friends, Hiko and Shinji even though they re two of the hottest guys she s ever met. She s afraid of risking their friendships that way, and besides, she could never choose between them, they re both so wonderful. Little does she know! When Hana loses her job as a clothing designer, Hiko and Shinji, afraid to let her get depressed over it offer to pose in erotic positions for her while she sketches what she hopes to be the manlove graphic novel that will launch her career as a manga artist. Hana sees no harm in this. It s the fantasy of a lifetime and very kind of them to offer. The perfect arrangement until Seeing Hiko and Shinji together arouses Hana to no end. How will she be able to control herself watching their naked bodies entwined, watching them engage in acts that are the stuff of her wildest fantasies? And then, she makes a shocking discovery while passing by Hiko s room in the middle of the night. Are things getting out of hand? Or rather, ahem, in hand? Hiko and Shinji have both been in love with Hana for a long time and out of their love for her, they ve never pushed her about getting romantic even though they know she s in love with them too. But when the opportunity arises to pose for her, they see their perfect chance to do away with sexual deprivation and get the woman they love into a position of their own. Content warning: Contains male/male sexual acts, voyeurism, exhibitionism and multiple partner sex. Excerpt: Ohhh. Hana covered her mouth to stifle her cry. Then she blinked. Was this possible? Keeping her hand firmly over her mouth she sank to her knees in the hallway shadows and leaned forward as much as she dared. Her heart leaped into her throat. Had Hiko really just rolled on top of Shinji? Were they really naked in the bed together, their mouths locked together in a deep hot kiss? The shoji was slightly open, the way she d left it when she d gone back to her room to draw, fully expecting that Shinji would leave after her to go to his room. How absolutely wrong she d been. Now, her trip to the kitchen for a drink of water had become something more. Much, much more. Like lovers, her two friends undulated in the bed, their bodies entwined. Her heart pounded. Heated blood coursed through every vein in her body with each thud of her heart like darts of fire. Searing warmth concentrated at the apex of her thighs and pulsed. Her breasts were full and heavy, her nipples grazing her bra. She blinked again, still thinking the vision would dispel. But it didn t. Hiko s muscular body and pale skin contrasted with the tan hue of Shinji s slimmer frame. Shinji s legs were locked around Hiko s hips, the soles of his feet resting on the backs of Hiko s sloping thighs. Like every yaoi manga she d ever read, the two men sighed and moaned, emanating passion. Guilt assailed her. She was violating their privacy, spying on them like this. But then, they shouldn t have left the door open, right? She started to turn but was drawn back by another masculine moan. Her gaze whipped up to the bed. Hiko had pulled from Shinji s kiss and nibbled at his collarbone. One of his large hands spanned Shinji s hip, holding him firmly as he kissed a slow, sensuous trail downward. The throbbing in her pussy intensified. She sat, frozen, staring at them, feeling her eyes stretch open as wide as they d go. Hiko s tongue came out and licked across Shinji s dark nipple. Shinji arched his back, as if to push his flesh deeper into Hiko s mouth. She stifled another moan, lest her friends catch her spying. Her cheeks burned mercilessly, both with excitement and guilt, yet she couldn t have moved even if someone had set her on fire. Gleaming ribbons of cum streaked the two men s muscles. Oh, wow. One of them had climaxed before she d passed by the door on her way to the kitchen and then became rooted to her spot, watching them. Hiko skimmed thick fingertips over Shinji s stomach, gathering the milky fluid. Lifting his mouth from Shinji s chest, he leaned back. Hana gaped. In all the years she d known Hiko and Shinji, she d never seen either of them naked. Hiko s erection pointed upward with the angle of his body. Thick and veined, it jutted from a nest of inky black hair that fanned around it, funneling into a thin trail up to his navel. She gulped. Her eyes felt as if they would bulge from her head. She shifted her posture, trying to relieve the pressure on her swollen, moist pussy. Her gaze locked onto Hiko, who was smoothing the cum up
