31956951:::::Summary of Station Eleven: by Emily St. John Mandel | Includes Analysis:::::Station Eleven: by Emily St. John Mandel | Summary &amp; Analysis A Smarter You In 15 Minutes What is your time worth? Today only, get this Amazon bestseller for just $2.99. Regularly priced at $4.99. Read on your PC, Mac, smart phone, tablet or Kindle device. A radiant book. Emily St. John Mandel s fourth novel Station Eleven is a phenomenon-riveting novel about the survival of human culture after apocalypse hits on civilization and wiped majority of the population. Published in 2014, the novel won Arthur C. Clarke Award, Toronto Book Award literature awards in 2015. Book was nominated for National Book award as well as PEN/Faulkner Award. The book s film adaption is under development. Station Eleven beautifully highlights the contrast between current life and life before a fictional deadly flu collapsed the world. If you are Ayn Rand s fan, then it is very likely that upon completion of this book, Emily would also be among your favorite authors. You would love the part of the book, where survivals rush out to listen to Beethoven and emotions flood out in the form of tears. This kind of instances stirs string in you to think what truly makes us alive. Decisions and choices one makes today eventually becomes one s character and later defines civilizations and humanity. Unlike so many survivalist stories, the novel Station Eleven is not just about how people managing in the adverse situation, it is beyond just survival. Although can be classified as sci-fi, the novel has a philosophy humanitarian touch. Well written, critically acclaimed and Mandel s modest yet powerful style of writing makes this book a must-read for everyone. Buy a copy today itself to understand humanity, to revere human relations and gratify the life we all are blessed today. Detailed overview of the book Most valuable lessons and information Key Takeaways and Analysis Take action today and download this book for a limited time discount of only $2.99! Written by Elite Summaries Please note: This is a detailed summary and analysis of the book and not the original book. keyword: Station Eleven, Station Eleven book, Station Eleven kindle, Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven paperback
