408290:::::Welcome Home, Forever Child: A Celebration of Children Adopted as Toddlers, Preschoolers, and Beyond:::::Finally..a book that genuinely celebrates a young child joining their forever family past infancy. With its touching message of love and reassurance, and whimsical illustrations, Welcome Home, Forever Child is sure to be cherished by children and parents alike. While best suited to children ages two to eight, this gem will undoubtedly be enjoyed by older children as well. Most children's adoption books reflect infant adoptions, and may not be appropriate for the older child who spent their early years in foster care or an orphanage. Welcome Home, Forever Child is a much needed book that social workers and therapists will want to recommend to families who adopted their child past the age of two. The book helps parents reassure children of their permanent place in the new family, and of how much they are wanted and loved. It will also make a very special and meaningful keepsake gift for a child upon joining his or her new family, upon finalizing the adoption, or upon the anniversary of either event. READ WHAT TOP ADOPTION AND PARENTING EXPERTS ARE SAYING ABOUT WELCOME HOME, FOREVER CHILD: "I truly enjoyed reading this book. Children will love the pictures and delightful rhymes. This book helps adopted kids to celebrate life and activities in their adoptive home while providing a framework to understand their infancy in another place. This book will be useful in helping children bond to adoptive parents." - Foster Cline, M.D., co-author with Jim Fay - Parenting with Love and Logic and Parenting Teens with Love and Logic "A great way to help young children to understand what adoption and forever means in their lives. Parents and children will love to see the many firsts they will share while grieving the ones they missed. Fun illustrations and the rhyming cadence are sure to delight the preschool set." - Regina M. Kupecky, LSW - co-author with Gregory Keck - Adopting the Hurt Child and Parenting the Hurt Child "This book provides reassurance to child
