25748838:::::Walking Back to Georgia: Guitar Face Series Book 3:::::I died. I fu*&amp;ing died, and when I woke up in a Los Angeles hospital my best friend walked away from me. It wasn t quite the welcoming back to the world of the living I thought I d receive, but it rattled me. My dead best friend led me back to Georgia to get my life together, and while I m working on it trouble follows me. I try to keep my distance from Jagger and company while I chase after sobriety, but a friend pops back into my life and a private moment is leaked to the world. One of the people I never thought would walk away from me did exactly that. I deal with rejection the best way I can, but before I can clear my head Cory and I are looking down the wrong end of a barrel and I m forced to fight for my life. We complete our new studio album which means Broken Access and Abandoned Shadow will travel on a promotional tour to tell everyone we re playing a world tour. While on the promotional tour, I run into jungle peepers, a riot of fans chasing me, a 1% motorcycle club and a one-eyed teddy bear, and two men fighting over me. I keep my head high through the drama, but then I m asked to be in a steamy video for Broken Access which can only mean more trouble for me. Just when I figured out how to be the best version of me I can be and how to stay healthy, my eyes are open to something I never thought was possible. I must understand the difference between love and lust, and accept that I need a healthy relationship where I m free to be me. This is a rock star romance series with a strong female lead, bad boys, and rock romance. This is not your typical rock star romance novel, this book will take you on a different adventure from anything you've ever experienced. This book is not a stand-alone novel. Books 1 and 2 in the Guitar Face Series should be read first. If you are looking for a story of redemption with comic relief and a heavy sexual mind, you've found it. If you are offended by hot, tattooed rock stars who are vulgar then this is not the book for you. Please be warned, this book is not for anyone below the age of 18. The book has sex, death, violence, and harsh language.
