13144229:::::I Only Have Eyes for You:::::"Not since Nora Roberts has anyone been able to write a big family romance series with every book as good as the last. Bella Andre never disappoints." ~ Revolving Bookcase Reviews BOOK DESCRIPTION: The only woman Jake McCann wants is the one he can never have. But even though he knows loving Sophie Sullivan isn t the right thing to do...how can he possibly resist? Sophie Sullivan, a librarian in San Francisco, was five years old when she fell head over heels in love with Jake McCann. Twenty years later, she s convinced the notorious bad boy still sees her as the nice Sullivan twin. That is, when he bothers to look at her at all. But when they both get caught up in the magic of the first Sullivan wedding, she knows it s long past time to do whatever it takes to make him see her for who she truly is...the woman who will love him forever. Jake has always been a magnet for women, especially since his Irish pubs made him extremely wealthy. But the only woman he really wants is the one he can never have. Not only is Sophie his best friend s off-limits younger sister...he can t risk letting her get close enough to discover his deeply hidden secret. Only, when Sophie appears on his doorstep as Jake s every fantasy come to life smart, beautiful, and shockingly sexy he doesn t have a prayer of taking his eyes, or his hands, off her. And he can t stop craving more of her sweet smiles and sinful kisses. Because even though Jake knows loving Sophie isn t the right thing to do...how can he possibly resist? I ONLY HAVE EYES FOR YOU is part of Bella Andre's New York Times and USA Today #1 bestselling Sullivan series. While it can easily be read as a stand-alone story, you'll likely enjoy reading the other Sullivan books, too. THE SULLIVANS series: The Look of Love From This Moment On Can't Help Falling In Love I Only Have Eyes For You If You Were Mine Let Me Be The One Come A Little Bit Closer Always On My Mind Kissing Under The Mistletoe One Perfect Night (Seattle Sullivans) The Way You Look Tonight (Seattle Sullivans) It Must Be Your Love (Seattle Sullivans) Just To Be With You (Seattle Sullivans) I Love How You Love Me (Seattle Sullivans) All I Ever Need Is You (Seattle Sullivans) REVIEWS: A great combination of smokin' hot sex, emotions, and a great secondary cast. I am absolutely smitten with the Sullivan family. I can't wait to read the rest of their stories." ~ Guilty Pleasures Book Reviews "The Sullivan's will be a great family to follow." ~ Happily Ever After Reads, Jess The perfect combination of sexy heat and tender heart. Barbara Freethy, #1 New York Times bestselling author "Bella Andre writes warm, sexy contemporary romance that always gives me a much needed pick me up. Reading one of her books is truly a pleasure." New York Times Bestselling author Maya Banks I m hooked on the Sullivans! Marie Force, Bestselling Author of Falling For Love ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Having sold more than 5 million books, Bella Andre's New York Times and USA Today bestselling novels have been #1 bestsellers around the world. Known for "sensual, empowered stories enveloped in heady romance" (Publishers Weekly), her books have been Cosmopolitan Magazine "Red Hot Reads" twice and have been translated into ten languages. She also writes "sweet" contemporary romances under the pen name Lucy Kevin.
