34434639:::::Vannie - A Swann Series Prequel:::::SEE WHY ADVANCED READERS ARE CALLING THIS THE MOST ADDICTIVE NEW SERIES IN A DECADE! VANNIE IS WHERE IT ALL BEGINS A stolen car. A troubled teenager with a dysfunctional mother. A gorgeous charlatan who might not be human manipulating the laws of time and physics. This is how it starts. This is how your heroine looks just before she knows what immoral science and genetics have in store for her. The way it s always sweetest just before it gets salty, well, savor the sweeter moments like these because all hell is about to break loose in the world of sixteen year old Savannah Van Duyn... Vannie is a quick, delicious read as well as the novella-length prequel to the crazy ass ride into the apocalypse known as the Swann series novels. Think of this novella as the introduction to the series. Although Vannie is suitable for all ages, the full length novels in this series contain content that might not be suitable for those with PG-13 sensitivities or those who are easily offended. Also, you might not want to read the upcoming books if you have a heart condition or a weak constitution. However, if you love the kind of stories that have you glued to the Kindle well into the pre-dawn hours, then this series might just be for you! Because this is not a full length novel, Vannie is currently FREE! Once you ve finished this story, if you re intrigued enough to continue on to the series and I hope you will be then for a limited time, I ve priced the first full length novel in the series, Swann, at 75% off (Only $0.99)! Note: For those of you who have Amazon Prime, you can read the entire series for FREE in Kindle Unlimited (KU). WHAT READERS ARE SAYING This is by far my favorite new series! The author always keeps me on the edge of my seat. He continues to surprise me by taking different directions and twists. I can t wait to see what happens next!! Jordan, Amazon Reviewer Unforgettably epic, sheer perfection! He did it again (the amazing creator of this series)! I have come to expect perfectionism in every part, awesomeness both in the story and the way it appeals to the reader, [along with a] stunning unique story and outstanding wit. The author managed to meet all those demands AND surpass them nothing I ve ever read has ever been of this caliber. Anna, Amazon Reviewer This series man! I love these books!!! The stories are fascinating! Makes you wonder... Could it really be possible? You can really see Savannah's strength in this one! She's such a badass!!! freshstart86221, Amazon Reviewer Wow!!! Just Wow! Oh my goodness, was I thrown for a loop. Once you read this prequel, you ll be dying to know who that mystery girl is visiting Savannah. Now I ve just got to finish this whole series. Yay! I just love prequels like this. Schow has done an excellent job adding just enough mystery to entice readers to Read. I mean just read a few pages in and you won t be able to stop. I couldn t. I d give more than 5 stars if allowed.
