344721:::::Stop Being the String Along: A Relationship Guide to Being the One:::::Stop Being the String Along: A Relationship Guide to Being THE ONE will guide you to: * Authentically empower yourself in your romantic relationships * Become your own best friend * Have authentic communication * Learn how to never settle again * Take the manipulative games out of your relationships * Attract a partner that is a fantastic match for you * Learn how to spiritually evolve in a Sacred Relationship * End negative patterns in your relationship * Learn 50 reasons to stay in a relationship * Learn 50 reasons to leave skid marks * Uproot negative programming that has kept you stuck in String Along misery * Learn what it takes to finally get it right In her groundbreaking book Stop Being the String Along, Barbara Rose states: "Give me ten minutes and I can tell you if you are destined to being a string along or THE ONE for the rest of your life!" Rose does this by identifying the "string along warning signs." We all have string along messages thrown onto us that have been imprinted within our subconscious minds. It is in identifying them, and bringing them out into our conscious awareness that turns a string along into THE ONE. You can know every trick in the book about catching someone, subtlety coercing them, and playing a host of games to get what you want, but if you are subconsciously being the string along you will never succeed in a relationship, and even if you do get married, it will most likely not last! The great news is that now you can easily uncover the old string along programming and create authentic, thriving relationship success. If you are not doing as well in your relationship as you would like, you will have to uproot your subconscious string along messages. Unfortunately your current string along messages will tend to stay with you for the rest of your life, unless you identify and revise them, and that's exactly what you will do with the help of this extraordinary book. According to Barbara Rose, it's simple. If you think like THE ONE thinks and do what THE ONE does, chances are you'll be THE ONE too!
