32858959:::::Clone:::::If that which makes you beautiful becomes society s undoing, would you steal a fake child to save the future? The Virginia Corp. is reeling from major losses, and after the brutal double murder in Prague, Monarch Enterprises isn t sure if Savannah is even alive. With her kill contract still open and assets now hunting her on Astor s campus, Monarch prepares the hyper-skilled young assassin, Delta 1A, to execute her on sight. Savannah is gone, though. Disappeared. In her stead, the love-struck Abby Swann remains obsessed not only with Jake and Damien, but with morality issues surrounding Gerhard s miracle transformations. When she attacks the staff at Gerhard s San Francisco lab and kidnaps a clone, a gorgeous teenage red head, Abby unleashes a firestorm of events that should have her dead several times over. Her survival seems impossible, though, and this has her wondering, has she become another one of Gerhard s twisted experiments? Complicating matters, the worst of tragedies strikes her inner circle. How will the new and improved Abby Swann cope with her need to right yet another catastrophic wrong? With the enigmatic and ever evolving Brayden James helping her mete out her own brand of justice, of course! The problem is, Abby is an itty-bitty fish in shark-infested waters spanning back through the ages, and she s about to cross two men, both psychotic monsters of their own sort, both men the likes of which she has never encountered. Her chances of survival? Damn near zero. Due to mature content, Clone is recommended for ages 15 and up. INTERVIEW WITH THE AUTHOR Q How do I get Vannie, The Swann series prequel, when it s not listed on Amazon? A Inside Clone or at the author s website, you ll find a link to download the FREE prequel. Vannie is an engaging read, a 47 page novella that can be enjoyed no matter where you re at in the series, although you ll probably enjoy the series even more if you start with Vannie. Q What makes the Swann series special? A I remember devouring the Harry Potter books thinking there was always something thrilling about each new adventure. The kinds of literary highs these stories inspire produce a feeling like no other! We ve seen vampires, werewolves, angels, demons and tales from the dystopian future; I desperately wanted to tap into the next evolution of the young adult fiction genre! From this mindset, the Swann series was born Q What order should I read the books in? A The books are meant to be read in the following order: Vannie Swann Monarch Clone Masochist Weapon Raven Abomination Q Why should readers give the series a try? A With an obsessive, almost unrivaled devotion, I set out to fill some of the larger holes left behind by
