13421363:::::Dragons and Cicadas: The Society On Da Run:::::The space dragons are coming home. No vampires rule this land, no wolves take claim to the Dragon's throne. In this collection of interlinked stories, these dragons are unbound by standard cliches. These dragons live among us, taking our forms, drinking our food, breeding with our bloodlines...nobody knew their families dwelled in the stars, awaiting for a time to reclaim what is rightfully theirs. When cruelty and greed pulled the last straw, they attacked with technology superior to our own. Welcome to The Society, and we're running for our lives. The world has seen many anomalies. From the passage of the space dragons, to the formation of Crotonians, Planet Earth is in for a good ass-kicking. When the God of Dragons becomes angered at the torture his children endure, his mind is sent into a frenzy of apocalyptic proportions, leading him to summon the rest of his dragonian family from the depths of space. When a young dragonboy wanders into a city of seemingly nice people, he becomes the subject of their dark desires. And the bond of a teenage girl and the auspicious dragon god is tested when she becomes the apple of Perch Tech's illegal experimentation. Follow the adventures of a wide cast of characters as they encounter the dragons of the Draconizica empire, and Ashuton Karrucci, the god of dragons going about his daily life in Italy. From a story about a small town of dragons ravaged by an airborn virus, to a story about a dragon king on a terraformed Mars, to the story of a girl pregnant with a Dragon god, to the story of a boy born from a tangerine. All of this and more in this book of three hundred stories and poems taking place in a world full of anomalies. Warning: may cause sleepless nights, slight trauma, online debates about the plausibility of space dragons, might anger some people, might gross out the weak, might make pedophiles scream, might make racists tear their hair out, might make poetry enthusiasts die of excitement, might cause multiple spasms and is definitely not intended for the weak of heart, unless you eat tomatoes. (This is a collected edition of stories from the magazine series of the same name. This book is updated on the 15th of every 1-2 months with new content from it's original version, so you are paying 2.99 for a large amount of interlinked stories. This experimental literature is called a "Subscription Book.")
