19350065:::::The Starbirth Assignment: Shifter:::::Librarian's note: This edition's ASIN is in conflict with The Starbirth Assignment: Shifter . This book is out of print. For the full edition, including both part 1 and 2 of The Starbirth Assignment, see The Starbirth Assignment: Shifter . Lock Harford is exposed to an unknown drug as a teenager in South America. Its unique effects draw the attention of British intelligence, who undertake Lock s development. He has the ability to move his body through a different dimension using the power of thought. His enhanced senses detect living beings as energy pulses, making him invaluable to military and intelligence organisations. They employ him to work alongside elite taskforces, taking passengers using teleportation, Shifting in and lifting operatives out of hostile situations. Lock s handlers are put on red alert when a similar drug, Starbirth, appears in the United States and Britain sold as an illegal 'high'. Distribution spreads across the world and the results of a Starbirth pandemic are feared as criminal and insane teleporters (Shifters) wreak havoc. Lock and a small unit of covert operatives are given the task of finding the source of Starbirth and shutting it down, but their efforts are hindered by corrupt, ruthless people with their own agendas. Lock is joined in his quest by the powerful, infuriating and immensely likeable Jimmy Mackenzie, a Special Air Service trooper whose life is changed forever by events out of their control. In this first book in the Starbirth series, Jackie Johnson develops a brutal mix of suspense, humanity, command and action with a subtle vein of humour that keeps the reader rooting for Harford s team. These books are crafted to stay with the reader long after the story is finished, a rare ability in these days of bubble gum fiction, and Starbirth sits confidently alongside the best Sci-fi thrillers. Her ability to merge Sci-fi and Special Forces intrigue are second to none. In true Lock Harford style, she infiltrates this Man s World with impressive success. The series continues in the third book, The Shifter Dimension.
