5167648:::::The Adobe Photoshop CS4 Book for Digital Photographers:::::ARE YOU READY FOR AN AMAZING NEW VERSION OF THE PHOTOSHOP BOOK THAT BREAKS ALL THE RULES? Scott Kelby, the best-selling Photoshop author in the world today, once again takes this book to a whole new level as he uncovers the latest, most important, and most exciting new Adobe Photoshop CS4 techniques for digital photographers. This major update to his award-winning, record-breaking book does something for digital photographers that's never been done before--it cuts through the bull and shows you exactly "how to do it." It's not a bunch of theory; it doesn't challenge you to come up with your own settings or figure it out on your own. Instead, Scott shows you step-by-step the exact techniques used by today's cutting-edge digital photographers, and best of all, he shows you flat-out exactly which settings to use, when to use them, and why. That's why the previous editions of this book are widely used as the official study guide in photography courses at colleges and universities around the world. LEARN HOW THE PROS DO IT Each year Scott trains thousands of professional photographers how to use Photoshop, and almost without exception they have the same questions, the same problems, and the same challenges--and that's exactly what he covers in this book. You'll learn: - The sharpening techniques the pros really use. - The pros' tricks for fixing the most common digital photo problems fast! - The step-by-step setup for getting what comes out of your printer to match exactly what you see onscreen. - A whole chapter on how to process HDR (High Dynamic Range) images. - How to master new CS4 interface and workflow features. - How to color correct any photo without breaking a sweat. - How to process RAW digital camera images (plus how to take advantage of all the new Camera Raw features in CS4!). - How to add real automation to your work. - How to show your work like a pro! - A host of shortcuts, workarounds, and slick "insider" tricks to send your productivity through the roof! Plus, Scott included a special bonus chapter with his own CS4 workflow, from start to finish. If you're a digital photographer, and you're ready to learn the "tricks of the trade"--the same ones that today's leading pros use to correct, edit, sharpen, retouch, and present their work--then you're holding the book that will do just that.
