27132956:::::A Summary of Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of Less Master in 15 Minutes:::::Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of Less You can do more by doing less. ] It doesn't make sense to you, does it? But... it is the reality. If you do not understand, then answer this: Which do you prefer: Ten half-arsed tasks OR one perfectly done task? Which do you think matters to you? Let Bern Bolo's summary of Greg McKeown's book enlighten you of the things that you need to know about Essentialism - maximizing your potentials on things that matter to you and your dreams, not on things that matter only to other people. -------------------- We know how valuable your time is, that is why we keep this summary short but concise. A speaker, author, and advisor of various companies, such as Google, Twitter, Pixar, Linked In and others, Greg McKeown introduces the revolutionary and unorthodox idea of Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of Less. Allow Greg McKeown to accompany you to a journey that will strip you of everything unimportant to leave you to focus all your energies on the essentials. This summary will help you: Become an essentialist. Have the core mindset of an essentialist. Understand the power of choice. Know what a trade-off is. Understand why you need to explore. Understand the necessity of space. Look to see what matters. Understand play and what it can bring you. Select from the many options available. Eliminate the non-essentials. Refuse an unnecessary demand. Prevent from getting trapped in unwanted commitments. Learn how Essentialism makes execution effortless. More inside the summary: Short and relevant chapter summaries. Witty bathroom jokes at the beginning of each chapter The ultimate guide to doing less and being more why you must read this summary: Greg McKeown, a speaker and writer extraordinaire, is about to take you to the world where doing less equals being more. Explore the pages of Essentialism and learn how to explore, eliminate, and execute until you have stripped all the non-essentials and have your energies focused onto the very essentials. Only a very few in this world matter. Realize that and focus on it. There's no sense in trying to do everything when they're all just nothing but additional demands on your time and energy - a burden that can't even lead you to your dreams and ambitions. Let the discipline of Essentialism strip all that away. Maximize your potential and produce high-quality results and have time for yourself and your family. Learn to take control of your life now! Be an Essentialist and join Greg McKeown on the disciplined pursuit of less to become more. JOIN THE LESS MOVEMENT NOW! Download Bern Bolo summary of Essentialism right away. And do more by doing less. Do less to be more. NOTE: This is a summary of Essentialism by Greg McKeown, NOT the original book.
