31248250:::::Summary of Thinking, Fast and Slow: by Daniel Kahneman | Includes Analysis:::::Thinking, Fast and Slow: by Daniel Kahneman | Summary &amp; Analysis A Smarter You In 15 Minutes What is your time worth? Today only, get this Amazon bestseller for just $2.99. Regularly priced at $4.99. Read on your PC, Mac, smart phone, tablet or Kindle device. Daniel Kahneman, psychologist and Nobel Prize winner, is the author of the fascinating book Thinking, Fast and Slow In general, when we make decisions, be it personally or professionally, all of us utilize two basic thinking systems for problem solving, and the importance of utilizing the right system. This book is all about two basic thinking systems. The first system is Fast Thinking and the second system is Slow Thinking. In short, Fast Thinking is what our gut tells us what we should do. It is intuitive, emotional, and done with little thought or effort. Slow thinking is slow, deliberate, and logical. It usually takes more time, often includes numerical or factual information that our brain needs to process and is void of emotion. Kahneman expresses the importance of making it a habit to train our brains into using the right way of thinking as we make decisions, as utilizing the wrong thinking system can lead to poor or even disastrous consequences. Kahneman, through intensive behavioral study, has determined that people are more successful if they can lean on the Slow Thinking method. Kahneman teaches his proven theory simply, and includes a plan of action for learning to train the brain to use the correct thinking system. This novel takes a fascinating look at behaviors that can change our lives - personally, professionally, and financially. It is a book you should read to improve and utilize your thinking system the right way. Detailed overview of the book Most valuable lessons and information Key Takeaways and Analysis Take action today and download this book for a limited time discount of only $2.99! Written by Elite Summaries Please note: This is a detailed summary and analysis of the book and not the original book. keyword: Thinking, Fast and Slow, Thinking, Fast and Slow book, Thinking, Fast and Slow kindle, Daniel Kahneman, Thinking, Fast and Slow Daniel Kahneman, Thinking, Fast and Slow paperback
