9056815:::::Read Me - I Am Magical: Open Me and I Will Reveal 12 Secrets to Love, Happiness & Personal Power. as You Leaf Through Me See How Remarkable You Feel:::::First subliminal self-help book. This book is a guided tour of the intricate mechanism of your thoughts, teaching you how to master it in such a way that you attract into your life whatever you desire. The message at the heart of Read Me - I Am Magical is that everything you wish for in your life already exists - in your mind, and that there is a universal law that can transform this into reality in your day to day life. Just like gravity, this law applies to everything and everyone. But what is still not clear to most people is how to put it into practice. By the time you finish reading this book, however, you will possess all the skills and knowledge you will need to master this magical law and change your life forever. The information and techniques found in this book are not taught in any school, or in any middle or higher education facility, although the author believes they should be among the very first things we learn. Now they are in your hands, you have the power to make remarkable use of them. You now have all it takes to make the magic work. Just by opening this book and leafing through its contents - without reading more than a few words - you have taken your first step to becoming an empowered creator of your world, whether you know it or not. It's not what you read that will have the most impact on you, however. It is the subliminal messages hidden in the book that make the read a truly exhilarating experience. What advertisers have been doing for decades - influencing your choices without your conscious participation - is being applied in this book - though this time, you are informed. This work provides you with life-changing insights interwoven with powerful, positive subliminal messages that flow directly into your subconscious, which does not judge and has no sense of humor. Your subconscious mind will not argue. Your subconscious mind will take this seed for granted and direct your conscious mind to grow from it a beautiful plant. Enjoy.
