2144610:::::Siege of Heaven:::::A powerful novel of intrigue, sacrifice, savagery and holy war---the apocalyptic ending of the First Crusade trilogy. August, 1098. After countless battles and sieges, the surviving soldiers of the First Crusade are at last within reach of their ultimate goal: Jerusalem. But rivalries fester, and while the Crusaders delay, new enemies are massing against them in the Holy Land. Demetrios Askiates has had enough of the Crusade s violence and hypocrisy---he longs to return home. But when a routine diplomatic mission leads to a deadly ambush, he realizes he has been snared in the vast power struggles that underlie the Crusade. The only way out now leads through the Holy City. From the plague-bound city of Antioch to the heart of Muslim Egypt, across mountains, seas and deserts, Demetrios must accompany the army of warlords and fanatics to the very gates of Jerusalem. Where, as the lethal endgame plays out, the Crusade climaxes in an apocalypse of pillage, bloodshed and slaughter. Siege of Heaven is a breathtaking finale to the critically acclaimed series. Following The Mosaic of Shadows and The Knights of the Cross, Tom Harper skillfully blends war, redemption, and triumph into a stunning conclusion. Praise for Knights of the Cross Harper s excellent second historical whodunit shows that his fine debut was no fluke. Like Steven Saylor, the master of the ancient Roman historical, Harper effortlessly draws the reader into an unfamiliar time, bringing alive the characters and their motivations. ---Publishers Weekly (starred review) Gripping for its portrayal of the Crusader leaders . . . this is a great example from a trustworthy historian. --- Independent Praise for the Mosaic of Shadows "Fans of well-written, meticulously researched historicals should embrace this promising new talent. -- Publishers Weekly (starred review) Considering what Arnold Schwarzenegger did with the title The Terminator, the hero of Tom Harper s debut historical mystery could go all the way to the top of American politics . . . Harper . . . knows how to fit known facts into flights of fancy to fine dramatic effect. --- Chicago Tribune . . . an exciting historical mystery . . . Reminding readers of Saylor s Gordianus and Roberts Decius, Demetrios is an interesting protagonist who escorts readers on a terrific tour during his dangerous investigation. --- Midwest Book Review
