19301650:::::The 14th Reinstated:::::The story of 14th Reinstated is ripped from today s headlines and the plot is frighteningly close to what is happening in the world today. This book lays out a scary and dark scenario of how the world may look in a few years, and readers will pray it s not a prophecy of the future. It s an action adventure mystery novel with all the elements of a rollicking good read: gun, knife and fist fights, desperate chases, pretty girls, likable heroes and mysterious evil doers trying to take over the world. It s set a few years after the world suffers social and economic collapse. There has been a total melt down and horrible social wars that killed millions. The protagonist is just trying to rebuild a life with his family and neighbors when he is sucked into the most evil and vile of plots. As the story develops he discovers an unimaginable horror that has been perpetrated on the world and realizes that he and his friends are the only people who can stop the bad guys from finishing the job. The 14th Reinstated is a complex book that is also a primer on survival after social collapse. As the protagonist figures out how to survive the hordes bent on destruction, the lessons he learns serve as illustrations for those who worry that we may be headed for a real collapse. The 14th Reinstated then morphs into an epic adventure as the small group struggles against all odds to save the world from a terrible, bleak and dark future. This book is set in Vermont and New England, but has a world-wide scope with excursions into exotic places like Africa and Korea. Sometimes parts of this book come out of left field and hit readers like a brick wall falling on their heads. One chapter is sure to have most men sleeping with a night light on for months after they read it. The 14th Reinstated is sometimes shocking, often funny and never boring. It will have you tearing through the pages with its hard charging, adrenaline pumping action and leave you breathless at the end. Bryce M. Towsley is a highly respected writer in international hunting and firearms circles with his byline appearing on hundreds of magazines articles and multiple books. Unlike so many other fiction writers he gets the gun stuff 100% correct, so that the fight scenes ring true. His descriptions of the habitat and terrain are written with a hunter s and naturalist s eye for detail. When he describes a desperate chase through the high mountains it is clear he has walked the same ground he is describing. His keen insight into world politics helps to build a very believable and frighteningly plausible scenario. The characters ring true, almost as if he knows them all personally. The resulting matrix is one of the most intriguing, thought provoking and action packed novels in years. Towsley weaves a tale we all wish would sprout from our own pens. Many of us think about what could happen in a post-collapse America he takes the thought to new, chilling levels. J. Scott Olmsted Editor in Chief of NRA s American Hunter Magazine. How many times have you picked up a thriller, only to have the author make some egregious gaffe concerning guns and blow all credibility? Towsley s in-depth firearms knowledge shines through and carries the reader through a rollercoaster narrative of post-apocalyptic times. Iain Harrison -- Top Shot Season One Winner. "Towsley keeps you on the edge of your seat and ducking for cover with every turn of the page!" Nino Bosaz Tactical Weapons Magazine Editor A fantastic ride through a post-apocalyptic world of chaos and man's visceral drive to survive.
