31283058:::::More Than Miles:::::Forbidden love is the hardest to forget... Blake Murphy O'Callaghan, Road Captain of the Lost Kings MC, has the world by the balls. Money. Women. The wide-open road. It s all his, everything he wants except the one girl he loves, the one girl who s off limits. His best friend s little sister, Heidi. Abandoned by her mother when she was only eight, Heidi Whelan s familiar with heartbreak. Especially the heartbreak of falling in love with her big brother s best friend. When Murphy pushed her away, it broke her heart. Now, on her eighteenth birthday, he claims he loves her? Growing up around the Lost Kings MC, Heidi s witnessed his manwhoring ways. He ll never give that up for her. Besides, he s too late: Heidi s in love with her high-school boyfriend Axel. Axel Ryan loves two things motorcycles and Heidi. He signed up to be a prospect for the Lost Kings MC because it seemed like a fun way to get closer to her. Now that he s gotten a taste of MC life, he s not so sure this is where he belongs. He s confident Heidi shares his dreams for the future, so even if he chooses another road, their relationship will survive the detour. With more than miles between them, will the deceptions they ve lived with for so long be too much to overcome? Can Murphy convince Heidi that the hard roads they ve traveled will lead to the most beautiful destination of all, or is he destined to ride the open road alone? *More Than Miles can be read as a stand-alone. The Lost Kings Series is as follows: SLOW BURN (Lost Kings MC, Book #1) Forced to represent an outlaw biker, a married attorney must come to terms with her feelings for her client while avoiding the danger he brings into her sedate life. CORRUPTING CINDERELLA (Lost Kings MC, Book #2) Love is the ultimate outlaw. How do a lawyer and a badass biker with a heart of gold keep their love alive while their opposing worlds collide? (You first meet Heidi and Axel in Corrupting Cinderella) THREE KINGS, ONE NIGHT (Lost Kings MC #2.5) A collection of three short holiday stories set in the Lost Kings MC world. Heidi and Murphy. Wrath and Trinity. Z and Lilly. STRENGTH FROM LOYALTY (Lost Kings MC, Book #3) As a dark cloud descends over Hope and Rock s already precarious future, will a long-hidden secret push them both past the point of no return? TATTERED ON MY SLEEVE (Lost Kings MC #4) Warning: Tattered on My Sleeve is not a "typical" romance. It's not even a typical MC Romance. Lust. Fury. Forgiveness. Can Wrath and Trinity move past their horrible pasts to become better people and ultimately forgive each other? WHITE HEAT (Lost Kings MC #5) The Queen Always Protects Her King. Hope and Rock's wedding is finally here, or is it? BETWEEN EMBERS (Lost Kings MC #5.5) Three short behind the scenes stories from Hope and Rock's wedding. Teller Murphy Z MORE THAN MILES (Lost Kings MC #6) Sometimes the road you fear the most is the one that leads you home.
