22046983:::::Bring It:::::About Bring It, Omnibus Edition Bring It asks the question, What if the CIA s torture program didn t stop it morphed? Sabel Security owner, Pia Sabel, flies into action whenever she sees something wrong. Witnessing a child abduction in Mumbai led her to destroy a seaside pedophilia compound in remote Sri Lanka. The State Department wants her extradited to face related murder charges but she winds up kidnapped and tortured instead. Sabel Agent Jacob Stearne leads the company rescue mission despite or because of the fact that he s in love with the boss and will stop at nothing to bring her back. Working with his former flame, Agent Tania, complicates his thinking but not his focus on their assignment. Jacob and his team of decorated war veterans are used to politicians making bad decisions, but they aren t prepared for the ugly reality they uncover. Fending off accusations of treason and terrorism, Jacob unravels a network of ambitious government appointees and shadowy contractors to discover who is responsible for the horrific crimes against humanity. Bring It, Omnibus Edition is the second novel in Seeley James s acclaimed Pia Sabel thriller series. Originally released in serial format as Trench Coats, Episodes I-VI. What Are People Saying? A fine thriller with intriguing locations, intricate plot twists and a complex heroine. Kirkus Reviews I loved the character of Pia Sabel there s a girl Charlie Fox would team up with any day! -- Zoe Sharp, author of the Charlie Fox novels Seeley James has created a protagonist that is strong and yet conflicted. -- PJReviewofBooks.com Seeley James is definitely an author to watch in the future as he writes more featuring the undaunting Pia Sabel. -- Mysteries Galore About Bring It, originally released as Trench Coats in six episodes: After her successes and failures in The Geneva Decision, Pia Sabel spent the summer training for her new role, and now she s out to fix a broken world. Having left behind her career as an international soccer star, she brings her considerable wealth, not to mention her world class speed and agility, to bear on the world s most evil people. The new thriller introduces fan-fave, Jacob Stearne, a professional soldier who falls in love with every woman he meets. He never* lets his love life interfere with winning the battle, rescuing the victims, and catching the bad guys. * almost never Bring It, includes these episodes originally released as Trench Coats: Episode I: The Meeting, FREE! Episode II: Jacob s Story, FREE! Episode III: Bring It, on sale 99 now! Price increases 01-May Episode IV: The Desperate, on sale 99 now! Price increases 01-May Episode V: Reckoning Road, on sale 99 now! Price increases 01-May Episode VI: The Tiger Strikes, on sale 99 now! Price increases 01-May Join us for the journey, sign up to get notices of each release at the author s website!
