19091253:::::Awkward Moments Children's Bible - Vol. 1:::::NOT FOR KIDS (or iPad or Nook)! What began as a private online joke among interfaith friends quickly skyrocketed to meet the demands of the thousands of fans and critics of the controversial work. Within hours, the book became the #1 Bestseller in Amazon.com's Humor &amp; Religion category! Combining actual Bible verses with more than 30 whimsical original illustrations, Awkward Moments uses humor to encourage people from all walks of life to think, perhaps for the first time, about how the Bible continues to shape our culture. BEWARE - NOT FOR KIDS! This is definitely not your average children's Bible! If you thought the bestseller "Go The F**k To Sleep" was inappropriate for story-time with kids, you haven't seen anything yet! Leave it to the Bible! Foreskins Fetishes? Unicorn Murders? Boiled Babies? Messiah, MIA? Selling Daughters? Cannibalism Club? Genetic Breakthroughs? Demonic Bacon? Gagged Women? Jihad Jesus? You bet! And much more! From the opening foreword by acclaimed author David G. McAffee , to the challenging commentaries and interactive games at the end, Awkward Moments Children's Bible is much more than an irreverent book for your coffee table! Readers of all faiths will find themselves laughing out loud while being encouraged to think about the Bible in a new way. Let s be honest - there are some things in the Good Book that are just... awkward! There are verses we'd like to forget or that have been changed throughout the centuries. There are many verses you ve never heard before in church, let alone seen in your average children s Bible! Not to mention the verses that have been added over the centuries! Most people were raised in the faith chosen by their family. Young children learn a few Bible stories taken out of context and accept them without question. (On what basis could they possibly question their parents or church leaders?) After decades of repetition and tradition, it's understandable that we might put our beliefs on auto-pilot and just nod as a pastor repeats the verses and ideas that are already familiar and comfortable to us. It's no wonder that recent studies show an incredible lack of Biblical knowledge among Christians - 55% unable to even name the four Gospels of the New Testament - the very foundation of Christianity! The Goal? Awkward Moments encourages readers to really understand what is in their Bibles and think for themselves about the context of Biblical teaching. The 32 color illustrations and included commentaries will likely challenge some readers to reflect on how religion continues to shape the lives and culture of future generations. If readers happen to laugh out loud and enjoy the interactive puzzles and games in the mean time - it s just an added bonus!
