13580660:::::Unspent Time:::::International Book Awards finalist Warning: reading this novel may make you more attractive and elevate your random luck by about 9.332%* (*These statements have not been evaluated by anyone of consequence.) From the award winning author of 'No Hope for Gomez!' comes a collection of 20 impossible tales set in the 'NoHope universe'. Permeating the cracks between the past and the present is the realm of Unspent Time. Pockets of 'should have been's and 'might have happened's. Time that was allotted but never spent. In this realm we find the stories that could have been true. Such as the story of Goki Feng Ho: the ancient Chinese art of decoding the meaning of car license plates. Or the tale of Matthew G., who skip-stones through life on the back of mysterious black-outs, blinking in and out of conscious existence at random. Or the story of little Kiala, whose aunt and caretaker disappears one day, leaving her as the sole Huntress to battle the giant octopi to feed her village. Or the heartbreaking story of the man responsible for choosing the colors of the insides of your shoes. As he toils away in obscurity, his work impacts society in ways we'll never fully comprehend. Or even care about. And let's not forget the story behind Unspent Time itself, the metaphysical ramifications of which will leave the scientific community feeling, well, mostly indifferent about it... What people are saying about the 'NoHope universe' books: "Extremely witty and clever writing that contains keen insights into human nature." --California Chronicle "The antics in these books will leave the reader laughing. Graham Parke is a genius." --Readers Favorite "Challenges the way we think about, and interact with, the world around us." --Kirkus Discoveries "A quick and un-putdownable read that flies in the face of reason, and smashes against the wall of detective novels. It's a Coen Brothers' film formatted in book form." --Book Review "A very funny book; a veritable page turner of nonstop laughs. Buy a copy and find out for yourself!" --Reader Views
