929267:::::Mindtronics! And Inquiry Alive!:::::Discrepant Events take Science and Social Studies to their Highest Level of Meaning These two books offer two different kinds of maps for teachers. Inquiry Alive offers a detailed plan of how to turn average lessons into astonishing inquiry lessons through discrepant events. Visualize, the Inquiry Alive lessons as maps that lead students on treasure hunts. Each hunt starts with a discrepant event. The hidden prize ends in the ultimate reward: problem-solving skills and accumulated knowledge students can apply. Deeper Topic Understanding Most teachers say that it's the discrepant event lessons in Mindtronics that sway students to reject shallow topic knowledge. As the taste for foods other than candy changes, so changes the taste for introspective learning. Think of learning that comes from the relevancies surrounding an unexplained account brought to light through gathering more details, debate, questioning, clarification, and brainstorming. After a few Mindtronics' lessons, students prefer deeper topic understanding as they learn how to follow the more discerning discrepant event clues. Clues and ambiguity drive the momentum to solve a discrepancy. As students begin to solve a discrepant event, they start with the lowest levels of learning: memory and simple comprehension. As students process the logic steps and the conceivability tactics, in theory building, they go to the highest levels of meaning of any topic: synthesis and evaluation. Yet, discourse on method is never the focus. Mindtronics follows the! "practice makes skill" path from Inquiry Alive with demonstrative lessons. Cognitive Dissonance and Agreement The books' examples and exercises help students commit to and welcome learning. The lessons in Mindtronics are designed to help students quickly evolve from low diagnostic thinking efficiency to execute highly specific critical thinking tasks. Using resources, cooperative ideas, and supportive analysis students go from assumptions, to data explanations, to insight, to conclusions. Both the cognitive dissonance and agreement turn the seemingly dull scientific method into exciting, clearly defined ways to apply the inquiry of events and issues found in science and social studies. The judicious yet student-centered methods of learning, in Mindtronics and Inquiry Alive, help teachers and students bring Life to the most arcane of events or issues. YES! Non-reading Students can do Inquiry! Non-reading elementary school students may not know what the word investigate means; yet, they own great analytical skills. All students examine, consider, and probe given discrepant event information. Students also form views and try to discover more about the practical details of each discrepant event. Group Therapy By using the interactive cognitive methods in Mindtronics and Inquiry Alive, students shape and sharpen their organized thought. Students' carry familiar ways to explore information; that knowledge, added to the group teamwork to gather scientific investigation, brings a self-awareness and self-belief much akin to the group therapy given to at-risk children and adults. Signposts to Answers and Increased Choices Although non-reading students may need the teacher to read the discrepant events and fact sheets, the students weigh their own theories and other student theories. Students learn how their questioning muscle can mark signposts to answers. Questioning increases choices. Choices build reliable knowledge, given and found. Then students support the most promising logic offered by applying what they've learned. The Pulse of Theories and Guesses Students learn about the pulse of theories and guesses, about trials-and-errors, the refining of clarifications, and how to synthesize knowledge. They now understand and connect their new and old knowledge. A student's individual reflection brings the sharing of conclusions as the student links the knowledge their group learned during questioning and during research and deliberation. Spine-tingling Excitement No one book on inquiry should answer all your questions. An inquiry book should create more questions than it should answer. That ambiguity is what makes inquiry teaching and learning fun and exciting.
