20542754:::::The Hot Sauce Book: Recipes for Making Your Own Hot Sauces and Cooking With Them:::::The Hot Sauce Book The Essential Kitchen Series, Book 3 Finally a cookbook for connoisseurs who like a different kind of heat in the kitchen. If you re a lover of hot, tangy spices but just can t find anything at the store that really sets your taste buds afire, The Essential Kitchen Series has got you covered.The Hot Sauce Book,by Sarah Sophia, is overflowing with delicious sauces to use for every meal: breakfast, lunch, and dinner. This recipe book is an Amazon #1 Best-Seller, and for good reason. The sauces are hot and the recipes are beyond spectacular. How does Lime &amp; Sriracha infused chicken and Cajun Scallops sound? They are so good but even better when drizzled with one of the sauces you ll make from this helpful cookbook. A Host of Uniquely Delicious Homemade Sauces We ve got them all: alcohol and garlic infused hot sauces, fruity hot sauces, BBQ styled, as well as a few Wild &amp; Crazy sauces you ll learn to love. Have you ever wondered why restaurant food tastes amazing? You cook the same ingredients and it s blahsville , but that s about to change. The Hot Sauce Book has solved that problem with a splash of tantalizing sauces to add a burst of flavor to any meal. Each recipe caters to all skill levels and tastes. They will add the extra zing every meal should have.The recipes are straightforward and mouth-watering delicious. Something for Everyone If you find yourself searching through the refrigerator for that elusive bottle of hot sauce, even before the meal has begun, you are the target of this book. If you think Tabasco is good on eggs you haven t tasted anything til you ve made your own sauce. Learn what thousands have already discovered: food tastes better with a little help from a splash of this, and a pinch of that. Enjoy and eat healthy but don t give up the taste! Peppers, Spices &amp; Chilies OH YEAH! See what your mouth s been missing. The sauces are great, but we ve also included a batch of meal recipes that will complement the new flavors you re about to discover. Start a Fire of Flavor in your kitchen and buy this cookbook today! You'll have absolutely no regrets, but will be ecstatic with your new sauces and their succulent savors. When you purchase today, you will also get access to a special free gift from The Essential Kitchen Series ($97 Value). Tags: cookbook, cooking, recipes, cook book, recipe book, recipe, healthy recipes, food, eating
