5913760:::::The Compass:::::ARE YOU LIVING THE LIFE YOU WERE DESTINED FOR? The Compass is a life transformation novel that will guide you on a journey of self-discovery. At the core of The Compass are specific life lessons about belief systems, authenticity, and understanding who you really are in order to live out your destiny. Jonathan, the main character, escapes his suburban life after a tragedy that alters his existence and plans for the future. Numb and paralyzed by grief, Jonathan decides to journey across the globe in an effort to realign his inner compass. He sets off with a backpack, leaving behind his career, friends, family, and home, to journey around the world. His travels begin in the dry desert of Nevada, and continue on to the pristine mountains of the Adirondacks, and then to a medieval village in Romania. In every destination Jonathan encounters one pivotal person who offers a major life lesson, and he begins to realize that each individual was placed there for a reason, and represents a specific element of life. The Compass is a metaphor for the journey of life, with its intermittent peaks and valleys. Each destination Jonathan visits is unique with a diverse mix of people, representing the kaleidoscope of our individual lives. His journey of self-discovery will move you to contemplate your own life, gaining valuable lessons along the way. In the tradition of The Alchemist , at its core The Compass teaches specific life lessons about belief systems, authenticity, self-empowerment, believing in dreams, and understanding who you truly are. As humans we are all connected by love, by pain, and sometimes even by tragedies or events we cannot control. Each one of us travels a very specific and unique path, yet we are linked by experiences and emotions. In this connectedness, there is life. Reading this story will lead you to ask the ultimate question: What will move your inner compass? MORE INFORMATION ON THE COMPASS: The film/DVD The Compass features spiritual, motivational, and inspirational leaders from across the globe, including many core cast members from The Secret . Cast members include bestselling author T. Harv Eker, as well as John Assaraf, Dr. Joe Vitale, Marie Diamond, and Dr. John Demartini. All twenty-three contributors to The Compass DVD will actively promote The Compass , the novel, through lectures, panels, websites, conferences, and e-mail blasts, utilizing a database of 2 million strong. To learn more about The Compass and view the DVD trailer visit http://thecompass.tv/ www.thecompassbook.com
