266380:::::How to Talk to a Liberal : The World According to Ann Coulter:::::Librarian's Note: This is an alternate cover edition ISBN 10: 1400054184 ISBN13: 9781400054183 See: Original Cover Here Welcome to the world of Ann Coulter. With her monumental bestsellers Treason , Slander , and High Crimes and Misdemeanors , Coulter has become the most recognized and talked-about conservative intellectual in years and certainly the most controversial. Now, in How to Talk to a Liberal (If You Must) , which is sure to ignite impassioned debate, she offers her most comprehensive analysis of the American political scene to date. With incisive reasoning, refreshing candor, and razor-sharp wit, she reveals just why liberals have got it so wrong. In this powerful and entertaining book, which draws on her weekly columns, Coulter ranges far and wide. No subject is off-limits, and no comment is left unsaid. After all, she writes, Nothing too extreme can be said about liberals because it s all true. How to Talk to a Liberal (If You Must) offers Coulter s unvarnished take on: The essence of being a liberal: The absolute conviction that there is one set of rules for you, and another, completely different set of rules for everyone else. John Kerry: A reporter asked Kerry, Are you for or against gay marriage? As usual, his answer was, Yes. Her 9/11 comments: I am often asked if I still think we should invade their countries, kill their leaders, and convert them to Christianity. The answer is: Now more than ever! The state of the Democratic Party: Teddy Kennedy crawls out of Boston Harbor with a quart of Scotch in one pocket and a pair of pantyhose in the other, and Democrats hail him as their party s spiritual leader. Her philosophy for arguing with liberals: Tough love, except I don t love them. My tough love approach is much like the Democrats middle-class tax cuts everything but the last word. The Treason Lobby : Want to make liberals angry? Defend the United States. In this full-on Coulterpalooza, you ll find the real, uncensored Ann Coulter. A special concluding chapter even includes the pieces that squeamish editors refused to publish what you could have read if you lived in a free country, says Coulter. How to Talk to a Liberal (If You Must) is a stunning reminder of why Ann Coulter s commentary has achieved must-read status. Note: All information herein, such as number of pages, publisher, etc., refer to this alternate cover edition and may or may not coincide with the main entry for this ISBN or any other alternate covers. ~
