22602343:::::Seductive Nights Trilogy Bundle:::::This box set includes the first three books in the New York Times and USA Today Bestselling Seductive Nights series - First Night, Night After Night and After This Night. "Just remember this. I adore you." -First Night When the sinfully handsome Clay Nichols walks into her bar in San Francisco, Julia Bell simply wants a break from the troubles that keep chasing her. They share one scorchingly hot night together, but discover a connection that runs deeper than mere chemistry.... -Night After Night Their world was sex, love, and lies. With a dirty mind and a mouth to match, Clay Nichols is everything Julia never knew she wanted and exactly what she cannot have. He walked into her life one night and unlocked pleasure in her that she never knew was possible. Possessing her body, captivating her every thought. Which makes him way too dangerous for Julia to risk her heart, given that she has a price tag on her head. She ran after one mind-blowing week with him, but now he's back, and determined to make her his own. She was a sexy drug to him. Fiery, unforgettable, and never enough, Julia is an enigma, and Clay isn't willing to let her go without a fight. Can two people burned by love trust again when desire and passion are met by danger at every turn? -After This Night Their world was passion, pleasure and secrets. Far too many secrets. But Clay Nichols can't get Julia Bell out of his mind. He's so drawn to her, and to the nights they shared, that he can't focus on work or business. Only her. And she's pissing him off with her hot and cold act. She has her reasons though-she's trying to stay one step ahead of the trouble that's been chasing her for months now, thanks to the criminal world her ex dragged her into. When he runs into her again at her sister's wedding, they have a second chance but she'll have to let him all the way in. And they'll learn just how much more there is to the intense sexual chemistry they share, and whether love can carry them well past the danger of her past and into a new future, after this night... Please note: The reading order for the Julia and Clay books in the Seductive Nights series is the novella First Night, followed by the novels Night After Night and After This Night. There is also an additional companion novel, One More Night, that was released after this box set came out and is therefore not in this box set.
