30014696:::::Paper Kisses:::::Could you love a murderer? " "So you want to hear a story?" "Depends. It isn't a love story is it? I don't want to hear a love story-they're all diluted by cliches." "It's not a love story. It's about two people coming together under complicated circumstances to find they can care for one another." "Sounds like a love story." "Well, it's not. It's more a tale of survival. Do you want to hear it?"" Dark Winters, an eight year-old from Coventry, is set to go on holiday with his parents. In a rush, they pack their bags and head into the storm in search of The Jurassic Coast's warm beaches. They have only been driving for twenty minutes when they hit something in the road that changes their lives forever. Dark finds himself in a strange building with no idea how he got there and, to his growing horror, his parents are no longer with him. But when he hears movement above his head, it dawns on him he is not alone . . . After enduring over nine years in his new home, the last thing Dark wants is to develop feelings for his captor. Yet, he is helpless to prevent his feelings--it's almost as though fate is at work. Now, all he has to do is find a way to get the nastiest person he's ever met to notice him. This book is intended for a mature audience with scenes some people may find offensive. "See what others are saying about Paper Kisses." "This is a strange and gripping story I couldn't put down until I found out how it ended." "A unique romance with a dark twist." "This book is truly gripping!" "This is a strange and gripping story I couldn't put down until I found out how it ended." "It's romance with a difference, not like all the romances out there now. This has humor, wit and brilliant characters I will be thinking about for a long time." "LOVED IT! Would recommend to anyone who loves a dark story with a hint of romance!" "Paper Kisses---A rollercoaster of Emotions!!" "Anyone who loves romance with a dark twist will absolutely adore this book! There are so many predictable books on the market now, but this is not one of them. It's gripping from beginning to end, and full of twists and turns all the way through. I really loved this book." "Unlike other fiction novels, this mind-boggling psychological novel had me guessing from the very first chapter till the end." "Paper Kisses is a uniquely crafted dark romance, which will leave you stunned!" "Paper Kisses sizzles!" "The story was captivating and the characters were full of depth."
