23549715:::::The 'Burg Series: The Complete Box Set:::::The 'Burg Series boxed set is the collection of all five books of a series set in the author's hometown of Brownsburg, Indiana. It includes: FOR YOU - Lieutenant Alexander Colton and February Owens were high school sweethearts. Everyone in their small town knew from the moment they met they were meant for each other. But something happened and Feb broke Colt s heart. Fifteen years later, Feb comes back but there s so much water under the bridge, everyone knows they ll never get back together. Until someone starts hacking up people in Feb s life. Colt is still Colt and Feb is still Feb so the town watches as Colt goes all out to find the murderer while trying to keep Feb safe. AT PEACE - Violet Winters and her daughters once had it all, but lost it when Lieutenant Tim Winters was murdered by a criminal madman. Over a year later, during a cold winter night, cop s widow, Violet, has to leave her warm bed to tell her neighbor to turn the music down. And that s when she meets sinister, scarred, scarily attractive security specialist, Joe Callahan. Even though Violet had only one man in her life, she s sure Joe is giving her the signals and Vi decides she s ready to take a second chance at life and, maybe, love. But Violet doesn t know the dark secrets in Joe s past, secrets so soul-wrenching, they ve drained him dry. With nothing left to give, Joe s determined to live his life alone. GOLDEN TRAIL - Tanner Layne and Raquel Merrick fell in love young, hard and fast and both of them knew a beautiful life. Until Rocky left Layne, no explanation, no going back. Layne escapes The Burg only to come back years later because he needs to make sure his sons are raised right. Layne manages to avoid Rocky but when Layne gets three bullets drilled into him while investigating a dirty cop, he can t do that because Rocky stops avoiding Layne. They make a deal to work together to expose the dirty cop but they have no idea the strength of their enduring attraction or the sheer evil at work in The Burg. GAMES OF THE HEART - From the balcony of his house, Mike Haines can see the quiet beauty of the Holliday farm. But what he remembers is Dusty, the little sister of his high school girlfriend who grew up there but then went off the rails and left town. Tragedy strikes the Holliday family, she comes back to town and sparks fly between Mike and Dusty. But Mike had a bad marriage then he played games of the heart for a good woman. And lost. In order to protect himself and his kids, he s cautious, he s careful to read the signs and he s not interested in finding a woman he has to fix. THE PROMISE, Since his brother s death, Benny Bianchi has been nursing his grudge against the woman he thinks led to his brother s downfall. He does this to bury the feelings he has for Francesca Concetti, his brother s girl. But when Frankie takes a bullet while on the run with Benny s cousin s woman, Benny has to face those feelings. The problem is Frankie has decided she s paid her penance. Penance she didn t deserve to pay. She s done with Benny and the Bianchi family. She s starting a new life away from Chicago and her heartbreaking history. Benny has decided differently.
