13269475:::::Black:::::Words cannot do justice to this book, so I won't even try. Just one of the best ever. If you love werewolves. If you love people. Trust me - Read. This. Book. Scott R.- Amazon Reviewer I literally tore through this book and boy does it pack a punch. I have to hand it to Ms. Alsop she is very creative and know how to create a riveting, heart pounding story. Tifferz Book Reviews- Book Blogger Cheree Alsop doesn't fail in her imagination and ability to draw you into a world of kidnapping, werewolves, and greed. . . I suggest you not only add Black to your collection but every book from the Silver series. Malcay- Amazon Reviewer Sucks you in right away. Great series so far! Wasn't going to buy this book, but I'm glad I did! Jessica Meinhardt- Amazon Reviewer Black is the sequel to Silver and in it we delve a little deeper into the werewolf world the author has created. I loved the new characters she introduced and the dark and disturbing world of werewolf cage/fight -to-the-death fighting that the we were plunged into. Daxthedamned SF Fan Action, love, friendship, joy &amp; heartache all perfectly woven into a fantastic novel! I have read all five of this series that is currently available &amp; loved each one, but Black is my favorite. . . I love Cheree s writing style and story writing. I laughed, cried &amp; felt the emotions of the characters. . . Every one of her books is different yet follows the same theme of overcoming hardship, friendship, love, loyalty &amp; plenty of action &amp; laughter. Highly recommend. Spirit- Amazon Reviewer I really enjoyed the first book, but I couldn't put the second one down. Jet's story kept me reading through the night. It's nice to see a hero who can come from such a horrible past to find a new life. . . This is a really enjoyable series and I'll definitely be recommending this to my friends. S. Teppen- Goodreads Reviewer Loved this book so much. My heart broke for Jet! His life was not easy but he became so much more than that. Was great to see old friends in such a new light. Definitely recommend this book. Grumpybybirth- Goodreads Reviewer Black, the second book in The Silver Series, is about a werewolf raised through the atrocities of a werewolf fighting ring. He is rescued and given the chance at a new life, but haunting reminders of his past follow him as he tries to make a fresh start. He has to confront his dark history in order to protect the girl he loves, or let himself be swept away into the pain and humiliation of the arena once more. The second book of a fresh new werewolf series, Black is fast paced, dark, and shows that love is something worth fighting for.
