1054736:::::unChristian: What a New Generation Really Thinks about Christianity... and Why It Matters:::::David Kinnaman is president of The Barna Group, which provides research and resources that facilitate spiritual transformation in people's lives. Since joining Barna in 1995, David has designed and analyzed nearly five hundred studies for a variety of churches, nonprofits, and corporations. He and George Barna write a free research report published online at www.barna.org . David and his wife Jill have three children and live in Ventura, California. Gabe Lyons founded Fermi Project, a broad collective of innovators, social entrepreneurs, and church and society leaders working together to make positive contributions to culture ( www.fermiproject.com ). Prior to Fermi Project, Gabe cofounded Catalyst, a national gathering of young leaders, while serving as vice president for John Maxwell's INJOY organization. Gabe, his wife Rebekah, and their three children reside in Atlanta, Georgia. To meet the contributors and learn more about this book and the conversations it is creating, visit www.unchristian.com . This work was commissioned by Fermi Project. The New Testament writer Paul told the first-century Christians: "You yourselves are our letter . . . known and read by everybody." When a person "reads" your life, what does it say? What does your faith look like to outsiders? A major new research project, unveiled for the first time in this book, describes the increasingly negative reputation of Christians, especially among young Americans. The research shows that Christians are best known for what they are against. They are perceived as being judgmental, antihomosexual, and too political. And young people are quick to point out they believe that Christianity is no longer as Jesus intended. It is unChristian. It shouldn't be this way. What Christians believe may not be popular, but Paul also advised the first believers to "live wisely among those who are not Christians" and to "let your conversation be gracious and effective." In this eye-opening book, David Kinnaman and Gabe Lyons--along with more than two dozen leading voices within Christianity--unpack the major criticisms leveled against Christians. Understand why those negative images exist and how you can best represent Jesus to your friends, neighbors, and co-workers. Your life is an open book. Is it unChristian?
