18634690:::::Love in Disguise:::::Maliciously Obedient by Julia Kent - One playboy CEO. One curvy, determined administrative assistant. One hidden camera. What could go wrong? Lydia Charles never expected that an actual romance would interfere with the business of romance as she prepares for a marketing presentation. When CEO Michael Bournham agreed to disguise himself as middle-manager Matt Jones, he didn't include falling in love in his bottom-line calculations. Keeping his hands off Lydia's luscious curves was becoming an exercise in restraint, but what was harder? Keeping his heart from her. Revealed by Steena Holmes - One moment of passion at the hands of a sexy masked man is about to crumble Eve s dream of becoming a success as a pastry chef. Will she bury her desire for love or will she look beyond the mask to find the man who ignites a fire in her soul? The Cinderella Obsession by Amber Carew writing as Opal Carew - Can Vanessa risk falling in love with a man obsessed with a fantasy woman even though that woman is her? Vanessa always wanted to be Cinderella. Taking the opportunity to attend a lavish masquerade ball - even if she wasn't invited -is just too delightful an opportunity to resist. When Nicholas Powers drags her into his arms for the most explosive kiss she ever experienced, she floats on cloud nine. It is a fantasy night she'll never forget, even though she knows she would never have a chance with him. Especially when she winds up working for him as a temp and sees him obsessing about finding his Cinderella... a fantasy she can never fulfill. Nick had never felt such fiery passion as he did when he held the dazzling beauty in his arms. She aroused him as no other woman could, then she ran away with his heart, leaving behind only an antique glass slipper earring. If only the mask hadn't hidden her features. Knowing no other woman could ever make him feel the way she did, he swears to find her and make her his. Why, then, does his little spark of a secretary make his pulse quicken? The Vampire Affair by Vivi Anna - Makayla Bradley risks everything including her first job as a journalist to get the goods on billionaire playboy businessman Jonathan Devane. A man who enthralled her from a single passionate kiss months prior in a Toronto nightclub. A man who makes her blood race and her insides throb. A man with dark secrets... Torn Between Two Brothers by Cathryn Fox - A case of mistaken identity unveils seductive truths and exposes erotic desires. Lauren Gray loves everything about Adam Wilson, from his zest for life to his roguish good looks and his wild, wicked ways in bed. She can t, however, deny that his absence during the week poses a problem for her, but as a commercial pilot, he spends his weekdays flying. Nor can she deny that while she loves their frantic lovemaking sessions, there are times when she d like to shift things into slow gear. When she discovers Adam home during the weekday, draped in darkness and asleep in his bed, she isn t about to question her good fortune. She slips between the sheets with him and attributes his achingly gentle touch and soft, sensuous kisses to his mellow state. Except come morning she realizes that it wasn t Adam who was searing her body with his slow, sultry lovemaking, it was his brother Garret a race car driver who, unlike Adam, is home during the week and uses a gentle hand in the bedroom. Lauren can t help but think that separately the brothers are amazing, but a combination of the two makes the perfect package. And when this good girl realizes she s torn between two brothers it has her thinking about breaking all the rules Love Me If You Dare by Kate Laurens - It's been three years since Kaylee Sawyer has been home--home to the alcoholic mother she can't handle, home to the painful memories of her sister Ella... and home to the guilt she's carried for years. About to enter her final year of college, she is determined to come to terms with the mess of her past--and to ignore Dylan McKay, the guy whose single kiss has been tattooed into her mind forever. Thief of Hearts by DL Snow - Happily ever after? Zaina doesn't believe in it. Now revenge on the other hand...All she has to do is: cut her hair, dress up as a boy, call herself Little John, join the traveling circus, guard her soul against the evil sorceress, battle dragons and avoid the lethal tip of the mysterious Lord Hood's blade. Yes, that Lord Hood. The one she s utterly and irresponsibly in love with.
