21857325:::::Legal Affairs Boxed Set: Volumes 1-6:::::Amazon Bestselling Serial Romance All six volumes in one, big boxed set!!! Legal Affairs - Objection One year ago, I graduated from law school and embarked on a career as a purveyor of high priced legal shenanigans. Six months ago, my boyfriend dumped me when I thought he might be proposing. Two weeks ago, I got drunk and joined a secret sex club. Two days ago, I had a torrid one-night stand with a stranger. Today? Well, today I'm contemplating having an affair with my boss. Matt Connover is all kinds of forbidden temptation wrapped up in a deliciously wicked package, and he's made it clear... he's only interested in sex. My name is McKayla Dawson but everyone calls me Mac. I work at the powerhouse firm of Connover &amp; Crown, LLP, where the law has never felt so hot. But between you and me, I'm afraid my heart won't survive these Legal Affairs. Legal Affairs - Stipulation I crossed a line with my boss and there's no taking it back. Not that I'd want to. You see... Matt Connover? Well, he's something else. Strong, magnetic, sexy as hell... but yeah, he's still my boss. What am I doing? Why is he so irresistible to me? Maybe it's because I finally saw a different side to him. I saw, for a brief moment, that Matt is vulnerable, possibly damaged. Is it wrong that it makes him even sexier in my opinion? I'm in deep and I don't see any way out. I don't want to find a way out. I want to find a way for both of us to stay involved in these Legal Affairs. Legal Affairs - Violation My life is in a tail-spin and I'm about ready to crash. I've cut Matt Connover out of my life... well, at least out of my bedroom. But I still have to deal with him at work. I have Lorraine intent on raining hell and destruction down upon me, which at least provides a nice diversion from my miserable feelings over Matt. About the only good thing that has happened to me lately? Cal Carson asked me out... and I accepted. Matt's not going to like that. Not one little bit. But that's not my problem now, is it? Legal Affairs - Mitigation I've seen a new side to Matt Connover. He's proven to me that there is something inside him other than icy control and masculine force. I've seen care... tenderness... even protectiveness. I've seen vulnerability. But Matt Connover's issues run deep. I know Cal hurt him greatly, and he keeps himself protected because of that. I also sense there is something more to his pain that even I cannot comprehend. Matt is struggling between what he knows and what he wants. I'm struggling with boundaries and how to protect my own fragile heart. This time I'm drawing a line in the sand and Matt can either step over to join me, or these Legal Affairs are finished forever.
