34776015:::::Lunora and the Monster King:::::Synopsis: The Monster King's searching for a human, and word on the wind is Mother Leaf knows where it is! Wake to a New Horizon. The vast world of Caligo dwells beyond the gaze of humans. Inhabiting extraordinary fiends and deadly creatures, its black sun and moonless nights are hidden for one lone purpose-to keep us out. Fourteen-year-old Lunora wakes up scared and alone in this dark world, but she's not alone' and she's not welcome. Her treacherous journey to find her father will take her body and soul to the depths of despair as she must turn enemies into allies to survive. A Hyperion monster boy, Iko, must decide if he can trust a human over the will of his tribe and the rule of the ruthless Monster King. Experience this coming-of-age story that explores what it means to be human and examines the limitless possibilities still hidden away in the cracks and corners of reality. Description: "The word on the wind tells of new human soul being revealed to the Monster King. It is said that Mother Leaf knows her whereabouts" A shadowed figure whispered. As if driven by hunger, ominous eyes glinted in the everlasting darkness. The shapeless forms circled near a floating glass door as scarlet eyes brimming with hate approached. They belonged to a masked boy with long white hair and a scarlet glare. "Devour this human, gain the power to rule over the fog" a voice echoed as the door opened, unveiling the bewitched Kingdom of Nevermore. Beyond the hazy entrance a young girl lay beneath a single ray of light. Flowers sang around her as dark shadows roamed between the avenues of stars. The name Lunora filled the atmosphere as monsters drew closer. "She is mine!" A wooden creature with dark beady eyes howled threateningly as the land eclipsed beneath an Eldritch black sun. "I am Mother Leaf, and on my word, no harm shall come to this child!" "She is human! Not one of us! Are you a traitor?" a monster shouted amongst other exclamations of shock before the door closed and locked. The voice of the king then silenced every breath. "Find her."
