21015194:::::Shit my History Teacher DID NOT tell me!:::::If you re a history or philosophy buff this book should be as irresistible as a kebab to a pisshead So what s it all about then? History, that s what. Errgghhh boring boring bollocks boring, I had enough of that crap when I was at school. History just went on and on and on and on and on .. and on and on. Nothing different ever happened. Well that s where you re wrong, because I m going to bring it alive. Not all history books, or even books about teaching history, have to be tedious. I ve looked under every rock, in every nook and cranny. I ve searched all over the place and dug up some really interesting little titbits. Stuff not a lot of people know. So stay with me on this one. I ve chosen to look at past events from the birth of the planet to the birth of Christ. That s enough for one book, isn t it? Well, not really, because I ve gone off track a little bit from time to time, but I do tend to do that so don t worry about it. If you ve got a teenager who s studying the history of this period, download a copy for them now because it s all laid out nice and clear. But let me warn you, I have in the past been accused of having an inappropriate sense of humour, so if you want a little bit of a chuckle watching me make fun out of everyone I meet down the years, then this is the book for you - and if your offspring is in their early teens then it probably isn t the book for them. As I say, I do tend to stray into the modern day from time to time to bring things into focus, but I promise you this book will surprise you, inform you, keep you interested and put a smile on your face from time to time. I discuss philosophers and philosophy a lot, including ancient Greek philosophers, Chinese beliefs and philosophy from around the world, but if you think it s all Socrates, Plato and Aristotle, there s a lot more here to be discovered. You ll be surprised, for instance, at the similarities between the Celts and the Native Americans. The Rosicrucians will fascinate you, as will some of the secrets held by Alexander the Great! It s high time we had some history books for adults!
