8176759:::::A Terrace On The Tower Of Babel:::::Do you want to know what really happened in the tech bubble? How the real-estate boom started? How the world really operates? Can you handle the unvarnished, completely politically-incorrect truth? Don t assume anything: come out on a TERRACE for a view you never imagined . . . It s the end of one century and the beginning of a new. Technological development has become a firestorm, both driving and driven by an economic boom such as the world has never seen. At the core of the inferno, are the people whose lives are inextricably linked to the Silicon Valley and the city of San Francisco. People from the angry Asian-Hispanic beauty Angelina Sumana Ruiz, to the proud, WASP, mega-lawyer Preston Elliott Hughes, Jr.; from the struggling single mother SandyMae Miller, to the egotistical New Economy, CEO John Dorman; from Rasheyd, the Saudi Arabian businessman, to the generation Y, internet porn king Marcus Caughman; from the lowly Mexican cleaning woman, Maria, to the giant of the global construction industry and last leader of a powerful family dynasty, Samuel McAndrews; and more . . . they frantically fan the flames and attempt to extract what they can from the ensuing whirlwind. Gangbangers, environmentalists, clerics, accountants, activists, bureaucrats, socialites, lobbyists, and others join them all in a swirling, chaotic, fin de si cle, ka boom! When the dust settles, the result is there for any eye who wishes to behold. Together they have built the next layer of mankind s progress: A TERRACE ON THE TOWER OF BABEL. Set in the San Francisco Bay Area, with related scenes in New York, London, Washington D.C., Riyadh, and Ibiza, A TERRACE ON THE TOWER OF BABEL is a fast-moving, fascinating and boldly rollicking tale of epic proportions full of romance, intrigue, philosophy, history, science, humor, thrills, triumph and defeat. It is stark in its reality frightening at times, comforting at others, rife with controversy yet mortared with sympathetic accord. Delve deep into its provocative and compelling depths or float along at the surface and enjoy it in either case this is a story you ll never forget! Nelson Caldwell, summa cum laude Business graduate of California State University, Chico, was a favorite of the Chair of the English Dept.: his Russian Literature professor. A Manager with Coopers&amp;Lybrand (PriceWaterhouseCoopers), Nelson went on to serve as CFO for the NASDAQ listed, networking equipment company Tut Sytems, Inc. Former resident of Walnut Creek, California, Nelson now lives in Fayetteville, Arkansas with his wife Terrie and their little dog Coco.
