13645690:::::If You Were Mine:::::"Not since Nora Roberts has anyone been able to write a big family romance series with every book as good as the last. Bella Andre never disappoints." Revolving Bookcase Reviews Millions of readers around the world have fallen in love with Bella Andre s New York Times and USA Today bestselling contemporary romances about the Sullivans! Can two people who have both sworn off love find forever in each other's arms? The last thing Zach Sullivan wants is to take care of his brother's new puppy for two weeks. Until he meets the dog trainer, that is. Heather is bright, beautiful, and he can't stop thinking about her. Unfortunately, she just might be the only woman on earth who wants nothing to do with him. Heather Linsey can't believe she's stuck working with one of the city's top dogs, auto-shop tycoon Zach Sullivan. Especially when his focus is clear from the start--not only to learn how to deal with his temporary puppy...but also to make Heather his. Having sworn off love at seventeen when she realized it was nothing more than a pack of lies, she has stuck to her vow never to fall for a charming man. But as Heather's determination to push Zach away only fuels his determination to get closer--and the sensual and emotional connection between them grows more and more undeniable--will the biggest Sullivan bad boy of all tempt her into believing in love again? IF YOU WERE MINE is part of Bella Andre's #1 bestselling series about The Sullivans. While it can easily be read as a stand-alone story, you'll likely enjoy reading the other books, too. THE SULLIVANS: The Look of Love From This Moment On Can't Help Falling In Love I Only Have Eyes For You If You Were Mine Let Me Be The One Come A Little Bit Closer Always On My Mind Kissing Under The Mistletoe One Perfect Night The Way You Look Tonight It Must Be Your Love Just To Be With You I Love How You Love Me All I Ever Need Is You Now That I've Found You Since I Fell For You THE MAVERICK BILLIONAIRES: Breathless In Love Reckless In Love Fearless In Love THE MORRISONS: Kiss Me Like This Tempt Me Like This Love Me Like This REVIEWS: Each book is so remarkable and you really come to love the characters. This series is incredible. It's one of my favorites. If you haven't started them yet, you are missing out!" ~ Guilty Pleasures Reviews "I am in love with the Sullivans. If you are looking for something sweet and sexy then this series is absolutely perfect for you. They are all amazing!" ~ Reading, Eating &amp; Dreaming Reviews "Addictions come in all shapes and sizes, but nothing feels as indulgent and irresistible to me as a new Bella Andre book." ~ Natasha Is A Book Junkie Reviews "Bella Andre writes warm, sexy contemporary romance that always gives me a much needed pick me up. Reading one of her books is truly a pleasure." ~ Maya Banks, NYT Bestselling Author "The perfect combination of sexy heat and tender heart." ~ Barbara Freethy, #1 NYT Bestselling Author ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Bella Andre's New York Times and USA Today bestselling novels have been #1 bestsellers around the world and she has sold more than 5 million books so far! Known for "sensual, empowered stories enveloped in heady romance" (Publishers Weekly), her books have been Cosmopolitan Magazine "Red Hot Reads" twice and have been translated into ten languages. She also writes "sweet" contemporary romances as Lucy Kevin. There are more than 50,000 5 star reviews for Bella Andre's books on Goodreads!
