16131120:::::Subverting Syria: How CIA Contra Gangs and NGOs Manufacture, Mislabel and Market Mass Murder:::::A book to beat the bombing - Expose the Big Lie in time to stop the war. The Syrian "uprising" is actually a cynical US-engineered plot using provocateurs, mercenaries, wahhabi fanatics and corrupt NGO's. The US, UK and Israel are determined to smash this independent Arab socialist state where oil wealth is spent on human welfare, like Libya before it was torn apart in the same way. Neighboring nations move in for the kill, like jackals and hyenas fawning at the feet of the US lion. The US and Saudi-financed plot turns on the tactic of "Countergangs." Terrorists -- mercenaries and irregulars, the "CIA foreign legion" -- they shoot both demonstrators and police, blow up buildings, massacre innocent villagers -- and then blame the carnage on the targeted government! NGO's like NED, the "National Endowment for Democracy" (funded by US State Dept, Geo. Soros, Ford Foundation etc) promote "activists," whose leaders are ambitious sociopaths, eagerly carving out a piece of the carcass for the moment the state is brought down. The corporate lapdog media eagerly lap up and magnify the Big Lie, creating a fake "reality" that the average person has little chance of seeing through. Subverting Syria is a warning of the horror that the "Empire of the Almighty Dollar" is preparing to bring down upon Syria, the same horror of last year's obscene war on Libya, in which an egalitarian state was trampled into mud, blood and chaos under the banner of human rights and a pack of vicious lies. Subverting Syria reveals how the crusade to destroy Syria follows tactics explicitly set out in the Pentagon's Unconventional Warfare Manual, the same maneuvers so recently used to lay waste to Libya. - fund NGO's to create a climate of protest in the target country - provocateurs organize demonstrations, then fire on protesters and security forces alike to stoke violence - staged and mislabeled video footage creates the illusion of repression by the regime - mass media endlessly repeat the Big Lie that the nation's leader is a brutal dictator. Give a dog a bad name and hang him. - invade border towns with special forces death squads, the CIA Foreign Legion of Al Qaeda psychopaths, fanatics and guns for hire - foment a civil war and fabricate pretexts for military intervention by the UN, or NATO - bomb the country into the stone age, to be conquered by NATO s Islamic terrorist puppets - eradicate Arab socialism and government for the people, replacing it with a corrupt clique beholden to Wall Street and London bankers - isolate Lebanon, Palestine, Iraq and Iran, giving free rein for Greater Israel to dominate the Middle East - US corporations write multi-billion-dollar contracts for "reconstruction" and "security" Subverting Syria shows how these wars are engineered by manipulation of the kinder instincts of mankind, the hoodwinking and harnessing of elements that normally oppose "interventions", especially pacifist and leftist forces -- entrapping them in the service of mass murder and the global dictatorship of the money power. Syria s situation is truly serious, under ruthless attack by enemies within and without. Please help pass on the word about Subverting Syria. Free copies available on request to book reviewers and social media activists, who will publicize this urgent effort to defeat lies and genocide with an appeal to the facts.
