20404780:::::DARE TO DREAM: This Life Counts. A Secret Guide to Making Your Dreams A Reality.:::::DARE TO DREAM: This Life Counts! became an instant bestseller in three categories, retailing above books by Sir Richard Branson, don Miguel Ruiz, Lisa Nichols and Dale Carnegie. An excellent page-turning book with examples, stories and insightful exercises to get your inspired dream into your day-to-day life. Heal From The Inside Out Gain Clarity On Your Dream Learn How To Execute Your Dream From A-Z Get Your Dream Idea Into Action Where It Will Become Your Dream-Come-True Learn How To Deal With Doubts, Fear, Support, And Other Dream Busters Have an Easy-To-Learn Goal Achievement System Have Multiple Support Tools And Reinforcement Receive Motivation And Commitment Following This Method Improves Your Confidence. Finally You Will Know The Tools &amp; You Can Achieve Any Dream Now. If You Were Given The Dream, You Were Given The Power To Make It Come True! How many of us learned in school or at home how to make our dream or goals come true? Is pursuing your dream creating frustration and does achieving it seem really hard? Reading this book, you won't learn how to pretend. You won't learn how to wish dreams into being real. What you will learn is how to no longer let fears, doubts, and other issues sabotage your dreams and your happiness. You'll learn how to recognize what s getting in your way and how to move through it once and for all! You ll learn the exact steps to start living your life with your goal a reality of your day-to-day life. Once you learn and succeed by using these simple steps, you ll have clarity so you can use them over and over again with each future dream that you want to create. The book explains very simple, easy-to-repeat ways to permanently create your dreams come true! It won't take you long and you do need to do the exercises prescribed. It's not complicated; it s simple. You only need to experience this process for it to work for you. Jump right in. Relish opening the door to dreams-coming true. Everything is put together with your sure success in mind! Dare to Dream: This Life Counts is for those who seriously want to achieve something special. This marvelous book is by Debbi Dachinger, an authoritative and prolific woman who has made it her life s journey pursuing her own dreams while acting as a teacher and inspiration to many. As a Thought Leader, she provides stories and demonstrations for how you can get to the Promised Land where your dreams really can come true. -- Marcia Wieder, CEO/Founder, Dream University Readers will not only be pleased with this book and guide but also will perhaps decide to follow a few dreams of their own. -- Hale Dwoskin, Author The Sedona Method It takes no courage for a flower to grow toward the light, but it does takes courage for humans to believe they are worthy of growing toward their own light. Debbi Dachinger has written a loving guide to help everyone move from fear to faith, from apathy to actions for a life of meaningful and abundant experiences. A life of yes . Thank you for writing Dare to Dream. -- Melissa Manchester, Grammy Award-winning Singer / Songwriter / Actress An insightful exploration on how you overcome doubt to create your destiny. To live a life You will love. -- Randy Gage, Bestselling Author and Expert on Success, Prosperity and Abundance Inspiring. That's the best way to describe Deborah and how she shares how to find, discover and go for your dreams. Her heartfelt writing will touch and move you to a level of courage that will have you dare to dream. -- Shawne Duperon, ShawneTV, 6-Time EMMY Award winner
