15768664:::::Kindle Fire Owner's Manual: The ultimate Kindle Fire guide to getting started, advanced user tips, and finding unlimited free books, videos and apps on Amazon and beyond:::::Finally ... a quick, easy reference to using your Kindle Fire - to the max! Amazon's Kindle Fire is the handiest, best-value digital device available, and is your portal to an infinite universe of education and entertainment. This easy-to-use guide shows you how to get the biggest bang from your Kindle bucks. You'll see how to quickly set up your Kindle, navigate the touchscreen, buy, rent or stream video, and browse the world's largest library of digital books. About the author: Steve Weber has been writing about Amazon.com for a decade. He's the publisher of KindleBuffet.com, a website and newsletter that displays outstanding Kindle books being offered free for a limited time. The site also has bestseller lists of free Kindle books for every Amazon category -- fiction, romance, business, cookbooks -- you name it. KINDLE FIRE OWNER'S MANUAL demystifies the Kindle and explains in plain English how to master the basics. And you'll see much more, including secret tips, tricks and shortcuts you won't find elsewhere. Each section includes clearly written step-by-step instructions, illustrated with screenshots and menus just like you'll see on your own Kindle: -- Changing the settings -- How to charge your Kindle battery and prolong its life -- Enjoy an infinite supply of the best books, music and video from Amazon, iTunes or virtually any other source. -- Using personal documents, including word processing files, PDFs, and spreadsheets. Chuck your laptop and PDA, and do it all with your handy Kindle! -- The easy way to harvest your own content and get it onto your Kindle Fire, including gems you didn't buy at Amazon. -- How to download apps and get the best free programs from Amazon's Android App Store or other sources. -- How to download, organize and read your favorite books, magazines and newspapers on the Kindle Fire. -- How to get current and archived editions of the world's most popular newspapers, magazines and websites streamed to your Kindle-updated constantly, with no fees whatsoever! -- How to use Amazon's "Cloud" service for unlimited free storage of your digital content. -- Purchase or rent movies and TV shows, and how to find a gold mine of free video. -- Find and use popular apps and video games on the Kindle Fire. -- Learn to find the best free content in the world, downloadable to your Kindle. (You might never have to pay for books, movies or music again-ever!) -- Using Amazon Prime to stream movies using your home's Internet service. -- Use your Kindle to send and receive email from Gmail, Yahoo! Mail, Hotmail, and virtually any other service. -- Surf the Web at daredevil speeds using Kindle's built-in Silk Web browser. -- Show off your own photos and videos on your Kindle, no matter which camera you used.
