18247176:::::Bloodlust: Will to Power:::::THE GRAND CHAMPIONSHIPS APPROACH: WHO WILL WIN THE ULTIMATE PRIZE? In the Domains of The Chosen, Magic is Power. As the best Gladiators in the Domains strive with spell and blade to earn a place in the greatest tournament of their time, and then, to win the ultimate prize, a place among The Chosen, immortal rulers of the Domains, Gavin, a defender with little hope of advancing his standing, joins the Free Leagues, hoping to win fame and status, while seeking to find the path that is right for him. Joining forces with old friends, he soon becomes embroiled in a personal quest for vengeance that will take him to the brutal, bloody heart of the Great Games where he must face his nemesis: Valaran diVolcanus. The implications of that match shake the very foundations of the Great Games, carrying all the way to the Grand Championships, where Sadira, the famed Gladiatrix and Gavin's soul mate, seeks to make her mark. Follow the action packed adventures of these two Gladiators and their companions, which concludes the first story arc of the "Domains of the Chosen" series. About the "Domains of the Chosen" Series: Both "Bloodlust: Will to Power" (Book II) and "Bloodlust: A Gladiator's Tale" (Book I) are about magic-wielding Gladiators fighting great contests in order to win their freedom. The books are set in a fantasy world, which like our own, is beset with love, jealousy, power plays and politics. Each character must choose which direction his life will take, always with far reaching consequences. But enough about theme. The novels are heavily-action oriented; each chapter being structured around an arena match in Gavin's career. All the better to kick back and enjoy all the action of a rousing tale of Gladiatorial combat featuring classic monsters and deadly rivals. And of course, there's romance too! The two "Bloodlust" novels are the first arc of a larger series of books about the Domains of the Chosen. The next book in the "Domains of the Chosen" series, is titled "Warbound: The Shieldmaiden's March" and follows the tale of the new Chosen and a Lost Legion outside the borders of the Domains; it is inspired by Xenophon's Anabasis and other tales. I am a proudly independent, self-published author.
