18397370:::::The Real Book of the Dead:::::WHAT REALLY HAPPENS WHEN WE DIE? Acclaimed Psychic Medium Collette Sinclaire spent 5 years interviewing spirits who have crossed over. The Real Book of the Dead allows you to be with the dead as they relive their final moments of life through Murder, Suicide, Drug Overdoses, Auto Accidents and more. Their riveting accounts brings comfort even in the darkest hours that life does indeed go on after death. Meet Joe s Wife, a widower visited by her spirit guide who gives her the strength and comfort to fight Breast Cancer and begin a new life. Meet Florence, caught in bed with another man, who was brutally raped and savagely beaten to death by her lover After reading their life and death stories, you may never be the same. The comfort, wisdom and the eternal answers to questions which we all seek are finally, stunningly revealed. These are genuine life and death stories of real people. As a medium and channel, Collette Sinclaire has brought their life stories and information forward for you. These are the honest and heartfelt narratives of lives lost, loves lost, opportunities taken and opportunities missed. You will read about great achievement and great heartbreak. You will learn some of the reasons why we are here, what it feels like to die and what awaits us on the other side. Collette has endured the difficult process of being the conduit for these souls to be able to tell their personal and often difficult tales of life and death, to be presented here. They have been related through her for all of us to better understand why we are here and that we are all the same underneath. That what we are all looking for is basically the same, but rarely do we recognize our deep inner need for happiness through fulfillment of our soul's true calling; that is, those things which we seem to hear from our conscience, or that "inner voice" that spurs you to follow your dreams and your heart. This book is the culmination of many years of interviews with the dead. These chronicles of lives lived, though sometimes sorrowful, are not meant to sadden you, but to light the way to understanding. It is each soul's hope that by learning from their own life lessons - both from lessons they had successfully completed as well as those that they had failed - that you will find the way to a more contented life as well as a more powerful and happier self. These are not words to entertain or sway you. They are simply the words of lives once lived and what happened to these souls and what they experienced when they died. Some may strike a chord with you. Some may make your heart soar and others may make your heart sink, but they are all important in their own way. You may even recognize the voice of a departed soul as being similar to your own and in the process, find out why you are here yourself. If you have lost someone or are going through difficult times yourself, perhaps the information in these interviews can bring you understanding and comfort into your own life when you need it most.
