18715849:::::11 Principles to Achieve Financial Freedom: Master Your Financial Life:::::11 Principles To Achieve Financial Freedom: Master Your Financial Life 3 is quite different from conventional books on personal finance. The protagonist of the book is Sam. Instead of a story, the book is more of a collection of conversations between Sam, an IT professional, and his financial coach. Sam is portrayed as an amateur investor who is confused and totally lost when it comes to the world of finances. His coach invites him for a program called 90 Day Money Game that consists of 11 levels that span over a time period of nine days. The eleven levels of this money game are organized as eleven chapters in this book. These are not just chapters but eleven principles to make anybody a powerful investor. Sam s financial coach transforms him into a potent investor. The chapters in the book are titled Laying a Strong Foundation, Creating New Relationship with Money, How to Create System to Create Wealth, The Game Changers, Investigation Begins, Set Yourself Instead of Setting Goals, How to Increase Income, Active versus Passive Income, How to Master the Game of Financial Freedom, and How to Make Every Year, the Best Financial Year. 11 Principles to Achieve Financial Freedom: Master Your Financial Life 3 highlights that personal finance is more about the person rather than the numbers. It teaches readers how to change themselves to change their financial situation. Through Sam s story and his journey through the 90 Day Money Game, the readers will be taken out from their state of confusion. Sam s financial coach changes his perception about personal finance and teaches him the art of creating wealth. He turns him into a flourishing investor. Similarly, this book is designed to be the coach, mentor, and guide for the reader as they embark on the journey of money making. By teaching how to explore one s full financial potential, the book is designed to take one s financial life to another level. 11 Principles To Achieve Financial Freedom: Master Your Financial Life 3 aims to help readers understand the value of looking beyond just financial products and returns, and consider wealth creation as a project. It sets a new trend in the world of personal finance.
