35648420:::::Summary of Capital in the Twenty-First Century: by Thomas Piketty | Includes Analysis:::::Capital in the Twenty-First Century: by Thomas Piketty | Summary &amp; Analysis A Smarter You In 15 Minutes What is your time worth? Economics inequality, the uneven concentration of wealth, and prospects of economic growth will stay amongst the top of the world s issues list of all time. Modernization of economic growth, as well as a more even spread of knowledge, have played a great role in minimizing inequalities at least to a lesser extent than what Karl Marx has predicted. However, the tendency of returns on capital to exceed economic growth rate still aids to the creation of significant inequality. Brilliantly added with empirical data and not just arguments, Capital in the Twenty-First Century provides a comparative historical research on income inequality that is definitive, fresh, and enlightening. A major work on inequalities throughout economic history, Capital in the Twenty-First Century uncovers major economic and social patterns, providing answers through a vast collection of data to supplement the already provided clear guiding theories. This book is extraordinarily ambitious and rigor, aiming to reorient the reader s understanding of the history of economics. Further, the readers will be confronted by awakening economic lessons in today s modern life. It is monumental and influential especially with regard to making an economic analysis. Written by a renowned French economist, Thomas Piketty, Capital in the Twenty-First Century is one of the most important books of the year, if not of the decade. It compares history and its relevance in the modern day society. Impossible to ignore, Capital in the Twenty-First Century is available online with free shipping options. Grab your copy from Amazon bookstore right now. Detailed overview of the book Most valuable lessons and information Key Takeaways and Analysis Written by Elite Summaries Please note: This is a detailed summary and analysis of the book and not the original book.
