29983622:::::Banger's Ride:::::For a Limited Time Hawk's Property, Book 1 in the Insurgents MC Romance Series, is a Bonus Book. Banger, President of the Insurgents MC, isn t looking for a woman to replace his beloved wife. Ever since she died, he s closed his heart to loving again. He satisfies his carnal pleasure with the club girls and hoodrats. It s safer that way. The President of the national club may have sparkling blue eyes and an infectious smile, but make no mistake, if someone crosses him or his club, he d slit their throat in a heartbeat. Set in his ways, tough, tattooed, and a no BS-type of man, Banger is doing just fine until he meets the sassy, curly-haired, single mom who can cook the best fried chicken he s ever tasted. He can t get enough of her cooking or her. For the first time since he s been widowed, he wants a woman in his life warming his bed. And the no-nonsense woman, who has a body made for sinning, has turned his world upside down. Belle Dermot is a widow with two kids whose husband left her penniless. Wanting a fresh start, she moves to Pinewood Springs and takes a job at the local diner cooking tasty, home-cooked meals. After finding out her husband was a cheating louse, the last thing she wants is another man in her life. She has her hands full with a rebellious teenage daughter, paying the bills, and fending off nasty accusations that she poisoned her husband. Then she meets Banger, the muscular, handsome, and rugged biker who comes crashing into her life. If only he wasn t so nice to her and didn t get her all hot and bothered. And why did he have to be so damn good in bed? As hard as she tries to push him away, he keeps slipping back into her life, helping her with her problems. And Banger s not the type to let go once he decides on something. And he s decided to make Belle his. Now, he just needs her to agree to be his woman The Insurgents MC series are standalone romance novels. This is Banger and Belle s love story. This book contains violence, sexual assault (not graphic), strong language, and steamy/graphic sexual scenes. It describes the life and actions of an outlaw motorcycle club. If any of these issues offend you, please do not read the book. HEA. No cliffhangers! The book is intended for readers over the age of 18.
